Error O
bars O
are O
standard O
deviations O
. O

Ma O
ule O
reaction O
on O
stem B-Location
cross O
sections O
of O
quadruple O
mutants O
and O
WT O
are O
captured O
by O
light O
microscopy O
( O
D O
) O
. O

Ethylene B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
responsive I-CommonName
genes O
shown O
in O
Figure O
2C O
are O
marked O
with O
a O
cross O
( O
see O
Supplementary O
Table O
S5 O
) O
. O

We O
have O
identi O
fi O
ed O
the O
enriched O
terms O
in O
these O
conditions O
by O
AGRIGO O
using O
SEA O
method O
. O

In O
this O
tree O
, O
the O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
gene O
is O
represented O
by O
BirchCCR1 B-CommonName
. O

The O
functions O
of O
the O
target O
genes O
were O
annotated O
by O
blasting O
them O
to O
their O
orthologous O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Edited O
by O
: O
Qian O
Qian O
, O
China O
National O
Rice O
Research O
Institute O
, O
China O
Received O
Feb O
. O

The O
scion O
- O
stock O
graft O
junction O
was O
secured O
with O
para O
fi O
lm O
, O
and O
grafted O
plants O
were O
covered O
with O
plastic O
bags O
until O
after O
the O
graft O
junction O
to O
prevent O
drying O
. O

( O
C O
- O
D O
) O
Detailed O
views O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
epidermal B-Location
sclerenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
shown O
in O
red O
boxes O
and O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
sclerenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
in O
white O
boxes O
in O
( O
B O
) O
. O

Then O
the O
suspended O
residue O
was O
hydrolyzed O
by O
adding O
100 O
filter O
paper O
units O
( O
FPU O
) O
cel O
- O
lulase O
( O
E O
. O
C O
. O

Transcriptional O
regulation O
of O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
has O
been O
extensively O
studied O
in O
some O
model O
plants O
such O
as O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
. O

The O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
only O
containing O
cambium B-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
were O
embedded O
in O
L O
. O
R O
. O

Conclusions O
To O
our O
knowledge O
, O
this O
is O
the O
fi O
rst O
study O
selectively O
addressing O
the O
expression O
of O
CesA B-CommonName
and O
CalS B-CommonName
genes O
during O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
and O
early O
fruit B-Location
development B-Process
in O
domesticated O
apple B-Species
and O
trying O
to O
correlate O
the O
observed O
changes O
to O
soluble O
carbohydrate O
and O
NIRS O
pro O
fi O
les O
. O

Numerous O
R2R3 B-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
from O
diverse O
plant O
species O
have O
been O
shown O
to O
regulate O
anthocyanin B-Compound
and O
PA B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Figure O
S11a O
) O
. O

Over O
90 O
% O
of O
global O
fresh O
water O
usage O
is O
for O
agricultural O
purposes O
. O

Although O
both O
CSCs O
make O
largely O
the O
same O
fundamental O
product O
, O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
the O
quality O
of O
the O
end O
products O
is O
significantly O
different O
. O

A O
, O
Wild O
- O
type O
anthers B-Location
dehisced O
, O
and O
pollen B-Location
grains I-Location
were O
released O
to O
the O
stigma B-Location
. O

The O
sediment O
was O
washed O
twice O
with O
500 O
u O
L O
75 O
% O
EtOH O
and O
500 O
u O
L O
anhydrous O
alcohol O
precooled O
at O
- O
20 O
* O
C O
, O
respectively O
. O

For O
the O
upstream O
gene O
families O
4CL B-CommonName
and O
COMT B-CommonName
, O
no O
stress O
lignin B-Compound
- O
related O
clades O
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
. O

The O
calculated O
molecular O
weights O
of O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
and O
EuCaN2 B-CommonName
were O
37 O
. O
35 O
kDa O
with O
a O
PI O
of O
9 O
. O
31 O
. O

MYB6 B-CommonName
up O
regulated O
anthocyanin B-Compound
and O
PA B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
by O
activating O
the O
promoters O
of O
fl B-Compound
avonoid I-Compound
structure O
genes O
. O

PXC1 B-CommonName
also O
correlated O
strongly O
with O
genes O
encoding O
enzymes O
involved O
in O
the O
cell O
expansion B-Process
process O
( O
Figure O
1C O
) O
. O

from O
three O
159 O
biological O
replicates O
( O
each O
with O
three O
technical O
repeats O
) O
for O
control O
set O
and O
three O
technical O
160 O
repeats O
for O
each O
transgenic O
line O
. O

Using O
in O
situ O
hybridization O
, O
TMO6 B-CommonName
and O
LBD4 B-CommonName
mRNA O
antisense O
probes O
hybridized O
to O
cells O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
of O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
, O
with O
expression O
maxima O
at O
the O
phloem B-Location
- O
procambium B-Location
boundary O
( O
Figures O
3A O
and O
3B O
; O
Supplemental O
Figure O
4A O
for O
sense O
controls O
) O
. O

The O
mechanisms O
restricting O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
speci O
fi O
cally O
to O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickenings B-Process
have O
not O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
. O

A O
two O
- O
factor O
ANOVA O
analysis O
was O
carried O
out O
on O
the O
module O
eigengenes O
in O
R O
using O
the O
same O
ANOVA O
design O
and O
ANOVA O
factors O
( O
Genotype O
and O
scan O
date O
) O
as O
used O
for O
the O
genewise O
analysis O
in O
Partek O
. O

After O
hydrolysis B-Process
, O
the O
released O
glu O
- O
cose O
was O
subjected O
to O
anthrone O
assay O
for O
assessment O
of O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
. O

Scaled O
auxin B-Compound
sensitivity O
in O
different O
parts O
of O
wood B-Compound
would O
require O
the O
expression O
of O
relevant O
receptors O
to O
be O
under O
the O
control O
of O
a O
signal O
other O
than O
auxin B-Compound
itself O
. O

The O
Plant O
Cell O
16 O
: O
1446 O
- O
1465 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
020297 O
. O

Study O
of O
traits O
and O
recalcitrance O
reduction O
of O
field O
- O
grown O
COMT B-CommonName
down O
- O
regulated O
switchgrass B-Species
. O

There O
are O
reports O
that O
modulation O
of O
the O
G O
: O
S O
ratio O
could O
lead O
to O
advantageous O
alterations O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
properties O
, O
such O
as O
improved O
sacchari O
fi O
cation O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
( O
Bose O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
An O
integrative O
analysis O
of O
four O
CESA B-CommonName
isoforms O
speci O
fi O
c O
for O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cellulose B-Compound
production O
between O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
and O
Gossypium B-Species
barbadense I-Species
. O

Thus O
, O
although O
more O
ef O
fi O
cient O
, O
water O
transport O
in O
high O
N O
plants O
was O
more O
prone O
to O
dysfunction O
under O
drought O
conditions O
. O

The O
cultivar O
also O
has O
a O
shallow O
root B-Location
system O
comparable O
to O
the O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
OE O
lines O
. O

Moreover O
, O
we O
use O
the O
data O
to O
identify O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
that O
are O
involved O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
hormone O
signaling O
. O

dosa00460 O
Cyanoamino B-Compound
acid I-Compound
metabolism B-Process
( O
2 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os04t0513700 O
- O
00 O
Os04g0513700 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Beta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
glucosidase I-CommonName
16 O
. O

Randomization O
Describe O
how O
samples O
/ O
organisms O
/ O
participants O
were O
allocated O
into O
experimental O
groups O
. O

ACL5 B-CommonName
and O
SAMDC4 B-CommonName
expression O
levels O
in O
AtPAO5 B-CommonName
and O
atpao5 B-CommonName
seedlings O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Sensitivity O
of O
products O
synthesized O
by O
recombinant O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
poplar B-Species
and O
switchgrass B-Species
GAUT4 B-CommonName
to O
digestion O
by O
endopolygalacturonase O
- O
I O
( O
+ O
EPG O
) O
. O

Levy O
M O
, O
Edelbaum O
O O
, O
Sela O
I O
. O

The O
plant O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
RBOHD B-CommonName
mediates O
rapid O
systemic O
signaling O
in O
response O
to O
diverse O
stimuli O
. O

Cork B-Species
oak I-Species
( O
Quercus B-Species
suber I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
is O
an O
evergreen O
broadleaved O
tree O
species O
native O
to O
the O
Mediterranean O
basin O
. O

S11a O
; O
Table O
1 O
; O
Jansen O
& O
Nap O
, O
2001 O
; O
Christie O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

International O
Journal O
of O
Biological O
Macromolecules O
60 O
, O
33 O
- O
38 O
. O

Fine O
mapping O
and O
cloning O
of O
bsh1 B-CommonName
A O
total O
of O
1213 O
dwarf O
plants O
from O
the O
F O
2 O
generation O
were O
selected O
for O
fi O
ne O
mapping O
of O
mutated O
locus O
. O

We O
observed O
induced O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
after O
mechanical O
wounding O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
and O
LTF1OE O
plants O
( O
Figure O
6A O
and O
6B O
) O
. O

We O
then O
superimposed O
this O
overlap O
with O
our O
reference O
lists O
of O
CW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
genes O
, O
generating O
the O
classification O
shown O
in O
Fig O
. O

Considering O
the O
number O
of O
different O
stages O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
, O
special O
attention O
should O
be O
paid O
to O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
lignified O
SCW B-Compound
and O
the O
characteristic O
wall B-Compound
thickenings B-Process
of O
TEs B-Location
. O

Quantitative O
analysis O
of O
OsCesA B-CommonName
, O
the O
GT B-CommonName
43 I-CommonName
family O
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
Nodes B-Location
of O
rice B-Species
plants O
harvested O
at O
three O
developmental O
stages O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Silencing O
of O
the O
major O
salt O
- O
dependent O
isoform O
of O
Pectinesterase B-CommonName
in O
tomato O
alters O
fruit O
softening O
. O

Values O
are O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
> O
30 O
cells O
) O
, O
* O
* O
* O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
( O
Student O
t O
test O
) O
. O

Crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
Crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
determined O
using O
the O
anthrone O
- O
sulfuric O
acid O
method O
as O
previously O
described O
by O
Foster O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Transcriptional O
wiring O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

This O
137 O
discovery O
uncovers O
another O
level O
of O
complexity O
in O
the O
regulatory O
network O
of O
plant O
138 O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
autophagy B-Process
is O
an O
integral O
process O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
and O
is O
up O
- O
regulated O
by O
the O
constitutive O
activation O
of O
GTPase B-CommonName
activity O
of O
RabG3b B-CommonName
in O
poplar B-Species
in O
a O
manner O
similar O
to O
that O
found O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

To O
further O
investigate O
the O
relationship O
Figure O
3 O
continued O
bars O
50 O
mm O
. O

No O
significant O
difference O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
detected O
in O
the O
mutant O
, O
whereas O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
contents O
were O
reduced O
( O
Figure O
S3 O
) O
. O

To O
minimize O
environmental O
and O
site O
effects O
individuals O
that O
were O
selected O
were O
not O
adjacent O
to O
dead O
trees O
, O
and O
they O
had O
straight O
boles O
and O
higher O
growth B-Process
rates O
than O
the O
family O
average O
. O

To O
generate O
the O
pTKan O
- O
pC4H O
: O
: O
schl O
- O
pobA O
construct O
, O
a O
gene O
sequence O
encoding O
pobA O
from O
P O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Up O
- O
regulated O
and O
down O
- O
regulated O
genes O
in O
different O
comparison O
. O

Among O
the O
85 O
, O
78 O
were O
specific O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
anti O
- O
IIP4 B-CommonName
polyclonal O
antibodies O
were O
produced O
in O
rabbits O
against O
a O
polypeptide O
of O
77 O
- O
180 O
amino O
acids O
. O

Table O
S17 O
Examples O
of O
how O
the O
systems O
model O
can O
be O
used O
as O
a O
tool O
to O
design O
and O
test O
new O
biotechnology O
approaches O
to O
alter O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
and O
chemistry O
This O
file O
contains O
four O
examples O
of O
how O
the O
systems O
model O
can O
be O
used O
for O
biotechnology O
applications O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Sucrose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
is O
an O
integral O
component O
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
machinery O
. O

Compounds O
were O
identified O
by O
comparison O
of O
their O
mass O
spectra O
with O
published O
spectra O
or O
those O
of O
the O
authentic O
compounds O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
studies O
suggest O
that O
the O
pathway O
to O
lignin B-Compound
and O
wall B-Compound
bound O
4CA B-Compound
from O
L B-Compound
- I-Compound
Tyr I-Compound
is O
distinct O
from O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
these O
compounds O
via O
L B-Compound
- I-Compound
Phe I-Compound
, O
raising O
the O
question O
of O
whether O
the O
parallel O
pathways O
feature O
distinct O
enzymatic O
activities O
or O
common O
enzymes O
in O
different O
metabolic O
channels O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Metaxylem B-Location
cell I-Location
number O
in O
the O
cpd O
and O
dfw4 O
- O
102 O
mutants O
. O

cerevisiae O
total O
lipid O
extracts O
, O
and O
reconstituted O
proteoliposomal O
fractions O
con O
- O
taining O
puri O
fi O
ed O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharide O
synthases B-CommonName
were O
isolated O
using O
sucrose O
density O
gradient O
ultracentrifugation O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
5D O
) O
. O

While O
hemicellulose B-Compound
degradation B-Process
was O
typical O
for O
stems B-Location
, O
possibly O
due O
to O
the O
intensive O
level O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
lignification B-Process
. O

All O
of O
these O
changes O
cause O
abnormal O
wall B-Compound
structure O
and O
reduced O
mechanical O
strength O
in O
rice B-Species
plants O
. O

Regulation O
of O
serine B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
: O
crucial O
role O
of O
plastidic O
3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
phosphoglycerate I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
in O
non O
- O
photosynthetic O
tissues O
. O

MATERIALS O
DISTRIBUTION O
All O
manuscripts O
must O
include O
the O
following O
statement O
as O
an O
unnumbered O
footnote O
: O
" O
The O
author O
( O
s O
) O
responsible O
for O
distribution O
of O
materials O
integral O
to O
the O
findings O
presented O
in O
this O
article O
in O
accordance O
with O
the O
policy O
described O
in O
the O
Instructions O
for O
Authors O
( O
www O
. O
plantcell O
. O
org O
) O
is O
( O
are O
) O
: O
John O
D O
. O

supervised O
the O
work O
, O
critically O
evaluated O
the O
data O
, O
and O
edited O
the O
article O
. O

One O
possible O
reason O
for O
this O
might O
be O
that O
the O
mutation O
alters O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
and O
increases O
the O
accessibility O
of O
hydrolytic O
enzymes O
. O

Also O
lignin B-Compound
/ O
lignin B-Compound
phenolics O
content O
was O
determined O
by O
a O
modi O
fi O
ed O
acetyl O
bromide O
assay O
( O
Fan O
et O
al O
. O

Collectively O
, O
three O
NST B-CommonName
/ O
NSDs B-CommonName
are O
indispensable O
players O
in O
the O
control O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
xylem B-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Ptr O
indicates O
proteins O
from O
poplar B-Species
( O
Populus O
. O

Establishment O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
sinensis I-Species
with O
decreased O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
by O
Agrobacterium O
- O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
using O
antisense O
COMT B-CommonName
gene O
. O

I O
am O
not O
sure O
that O
we O
can O
really O
claim O
that O
the O
trajectories O
are O
shorter O
. O

J O
Vis O
Exp O
( O
37 O
) O
: O
1745 O
Foster O
CE O
, O
Martin O
TM O
, O
Pauly O
M O
( O
2010b O
) O
Comprehensive O
compositional O
anal O
- O
ysis O
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
lignocellulosic O
biomass O
) O
. O

GUS O
signal O
was O
strongest O
in O
the O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
region O
of O
the O
first O
internode B-Location
, O
just O
before O
lignification B-Process
of O
the O
primary B-Location
xylem I-Location
vessels I-Location
distinguishable O
with O
phloroglucinol O
staining O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
RNA O
concentration O
and O
purity O
were O
measured O
by O
a O
NanoDrop O
2000 O
spectrophotometer O
( O
NanoDrop O
Technologies O
) O
. O

In O
tobacco B-Species
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
, O
CESAs B-CommonName
are O
transported O
through O
Golgi O
bodies O
along O
actin O
fi O
laments O
, O
and O
actin O
fi O
la O
- O
ments O
are O
critical O
for O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
CESA B-CommonName
( O
Cai O
et O
al O
. O

( O
e O
) O
Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
wall B-Compound
thickness O
in O
WT O
, O
single O
, O
and O
double O
mutants O
. O

Planta O
175 O
: O
305 O
- O
312 O
Glick O
BS O
, O
Luini O
A O
( O
2011 O
) O
Models O
for O
Golgi O
traf O
fi O
c O
: O
A O
critical O
assessment O
. O

EBImage O
- O
an O
R O
package O
for O
image O
processing O
with O
applica O
- O
tions O
to O
cellular O
phenotypes O
. O

Scale O
bars O
: O
100 O
u O
m O
( O
A O
) O
, O
50 O
u O
m O
( O
B O
- O
C O
) O
. O

On O
the O
basis O
of O
these O
results O
, O
we O
have O
discussed O
the O
possible O
functions O
of O
the O
BC5 B-CommonName
gene O
in O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
nodes B-Location
. O

The O
poplar B-Species
KNAT7 B-CommonName
gene O
, O
which O
is O
expressed O
pre O
- O
dominately O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
( O
Figure O
S10 O
) O
, O
was O
fused O
to O
the O
GAL4 O
activation O
domain O
( O
AD O
) O
. O

Proteins O
that O
were O
identified O
are O
marked O
with O
circles O
and O
numbered O
as O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

Incubation O
of O
soybean B-Species
cells O
for O
2 O
h O
with O
40 O
nM O
IXB B-Compound
caused O
half O
inhibition O
of O
incorporation O
of O
radiolabeled O
glucose B-Compound
into O
the O
acid O
- O
insoluble O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
material O
representing O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
fraction O
( O
Corio O
- O
Costet O
et O
al O
. O

Wild O
type O
flowers B-Location
displayed O
stronger O
phloroglucinol O
staining O
, O
whereas O
overexpression O
lines O
showed O
lower O
staining O
which O
suggests O
that O
more O
lignin B-Compound
deposited O
in O
wild O
type O
than O
in O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

TW B-Compound
usually O
contains O
more O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
less O
hemicellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
than O
does O
NW B-Compound
, O
whereas O
OW B-Compound
has O
greater O
lignin B-Compound
content O
. O

Ca O
' O
rdenas O
L O
, O
McKenna O
ST O
, O
Kunkel O
JG O
, O
Hepler O
PK O
( O
2006 O
) O
NAD O
( O
P O
) O
H O
oscillates O
in O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
and O
is O
correlated O
with O
tip O
growth B-Process
. O

Between O
3536 O
and O
16 O
414 O
signi O
fi O
cant O
binding O
events O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
for O
each O
EgrMYB B-CommonName
TF O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
class B-CommonName
I I-CommonName
and I-CommonName
class I-CommonName
II I-CommonName
TCP I-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
regulate O
jasmonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
metabolism B-Process
and O
leaf B-Location
development B-Process
antagonistically O
. O

More O
than O
10 O
cultured O
ovules B-Location
per O
treatment O
were O
used O
for O
fiber B-Location
length O
measure O
- O
ment O
. O

After O
the O
fifth O
day O
, O
the O
plants O
were O
watered O
every O
two O
days O
with O
60 O
ml O
nutrient O
solution O
( O
full O
substrate O
capacity O
) O
in O
the O
absence O
( O
control O
) O
or O
presence O
of O
NaCl O
. O

b O
Family O
GT47 B-CommonName
subgroup O
E O
, O
containing O
xylan B-CommonName
glucuronosyl I-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
. O

Furthermore O
, O
psRNATarget O
and O
degradome O
sequencing O
were O
used O
to O
determine O
the O
targets O
of O
Pto B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
miR167a I-CommonName
in O
3000 O
cDNA O
sequences O
from O
the O
cDNA O
library O
of O
mature B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
2009 O
) O
The O
LAP1 B-CommonName
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
orchestrates O
anthocyanidin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
glycosy B-Process
- I-Process
lation I-Process
in O
Medicago B-Species
. O

SOAP2 B-CommonName
: O
an O
im O
- O
proved O
ultrafast O
tool O
for O
short O
read O
alignment O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
were O
selected O
for O
SNP O
identi O
fi O
cation O
. O

Among O
them O
we O
found O
a O
homolog O
of O
VND B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
INTERACTING I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
( O
VNI2 B-CommonName
; O
AT5G13180 O
) O
which O
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

3B O
- O
D O
) O
, O
thus O
delimiting O
the O
phloem B-Location
. O

Pulverized O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
from O
six O
to O
sixteen O
individuals O
from O
three O
independent O
events O
were O
analyzed O
for O
each O
line O
. O

Our O
results O
gave O
the O
comprehensive O
information O
of O
the O
Gossypium B-Species
Rbohs B-CommonName
for O
further O
research O
towards O
understanding O
the O
roles O
of O
Rbohs B-CommonName
in O
cotton B-Species
. O

Seedlings O
were O
grown O
at O
21 O
C O
for O
5 O
days O
and O
then O
transferred O
to O
31 O
C O
for O
2 O
days O
, O
before O
being O
viewed O
by O
confocal O
microscopy O
. O

The O
MEME O
web O
tool O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
meme O
- O
suite O
. O
org O
/ O
) O
was O
used O
to O
search O
for O
motifs O
among O
all O
CbuCOMT B-CommonName
genes O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Gateway O
vectors O
for O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
plant O
transformation O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
contentunder O
- O
Siconditionwasabouttwofoldhigherthanthat O
under O
? O
Si O
condition O
in O
both O
the O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
and O
sheaths B-Location
. O

Among O
these O
, O
916 O
TFs O
were O
expressed O
in O
the O
internode O
samples O
. O

See O
also O
Figure O
S1 O
and O
Table O
S1 O
. O

Here O
we O
report O
that O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
NMD3 B-CommonName
( O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
) O
showed O
a O
similar O
function O
in O
the O
nuclear O
export O
of O
the O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunit O
. O

The O
default O
parameters O
were O
used O
in O
all O
methods O
and O
a O
rank O
- O
based O
method O
was O
used O
to O
build O
the O
consensus O
network O
as O
in O
ref O
. O

This O
step O
was O
repeated O
four O
times O
. O

S18 O
) O
that O
showed O
a O
highly O
similar O
expression O
pattern O
with O
the O
majority O
of O
the O
identi O
fi O
ed O
monolignol B-Compound
genes O
. O

CesA B-CommonName
homologs O
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
Populus B-Species
, O
and O
they O
also O
have O
been O
used O
to O
investigate O
the O
mechanisms O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Suzuki O
et O
al O
. O

There O
are O
prece O
- O
dents O
that O
a O
transcription O
factor O
can O
move O
to O
neighboring O
cells O
and O
suppress O
gene O
expression O
there O
. O

International O
Journal O
of O
Molecular O
Sciences O
14 O
( O
5 O
) O
: O
9080 O
- O
9098 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
3390 O
/ O
ijms14059080 O
. O

This O
prompted O
us O
to O
investigate O
the O
function O
of O
the O
cambium B-Location
- O
expressed O
CLE B-CommonName
gene O
PttCLE47in O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
. O

The O
percentage O
of O
replicate O
trees O
in O
which O
the O
associated O
taxa O
clustered O
together O
in O
the O
bootstrap O
test O
( O
1000 O
replicates O
) O
is O
displayed O
next O
to O
the O
branches O
. O

MYB6 B-CommonName
is O
localized B-Process
to O
the O
nucleus O
and O
acts O
as O
a O
transcriptional O
activator O
To O
examine O
the O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
protein O
, O
a O
MYB6 B-CommonName
: O
GFP O
fusion O
gene O
was O
generated O
and O
transformed O
into O
onion B-Species
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
via O
particle O
bombardment O
. O

Yes O
Peptide B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
DSTQIHTHM O
AT5G17920 O
Methione B-Compound
Synthesis B-Process
Pepetide O
abundant O
in O
induced O
MC9 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
but O
not O
found O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
. O

Gray O
and O
blue O
boxes O
indicate O
homozygous O
regions O
from O
74LH3213 O
and O
SIL O
- O
05 O
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
amount O
of O
acetyl O
groups O
in O
DMSO O
- O
extracted O
xylan B-Compound
was O
determined O
by O
quantifying O
acetic O
acid O
released O
from O
xylan B-Compound
upon O
treatment O
with O
NaOH O
[ O
44 O
] O
. O

All O
members O
of O
GT8D B-CommonName
, O
the O
Galacturonosyl B-CommonName
Transferase I-CommonName
( O
GAUT B-CommonName
) O
gene O
family O
, O
were O
expressed O
at O
> O
= O
95 O
reads O
per O
20 O
M O
during O
elongation B-Process
and O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
forma B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
or O
constitutively O
expressed O
( O
Additional O
file O
4 O
: O
Figure O
S11A O
; O
Additional O
file O
1 O
: O
Dataset O
1 O
) O
. O

CONCLUSION O
A O
relatively O
complete O
basic O
analysis O
of O
COMT B-CommonName
gene O
family O
members O
in O
C B-Species
. I-Species

2013 O
) O
, O
increase O
the O
tolerance O
to O
drought O
and O
salt O
stresses O
( O
Xiong O
et O
al O
. O

2001 O
) O
, O
JIM7 O
esteri O
fi O
ed O
homogalacturonan B-Compound
( O
Knox O
et O
al O
. O

A O
new O
poplar B-Species
variety O
Populus B-Species
deltoides I-Species
' O
Danhong O
' O
. O

CONFLICT O
OF O
INTEREST O
The O
authors O
have O
no O
con O
fl O
icts O
of O
interest O
to O
declare O
. O

4 O
Differential O
expression O
of O
genes O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
in O
families O
associated O
with O
glucuronoarabinoxylan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
during O
stem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Among O
them O
, O
the O
proportions O
of O
miRNA O
, O
rRNA O
and O
tRNA O
in O
L B-Species
. I-Species

While O
the O
synthases B-CommonName
move O
laterally O
in O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
, O
they O
extrude O
MFs O
to O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Bisgrove O
2008 O
) O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
KNAT7 B-CommonName
is O
a O
tran O
- O
scriptional O
repressor O
involved O
in O
the O
negative O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
xylem B-Location
( O
Liu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2014a O
) O
. O

The O
expression O
data O
was O
normalized O
with O
the O
GCOS O
( O
Gene O
Chip O
operating O
software O
) O
method O
with O
a O
Target O
intensity O
( O
TGT O
) O
and O
background O
( O
Bkg O
) O
threshold O
values O
of O
100 O
and O
20 O
, O
respectively O
. O

Error O
bars O
denote O
SD O
of O
three O
biological O
replicates O
. O

Cc O
, O
Gg O
, O
Kk O
and O
Oo O
APX20 O
stem B-Location
cross O
sections O
( O
red O
color O
) O
showing O
the O
normal O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

Statistical O
analysis O
via O
t O
- O
test O
found O
no O
difference O
between O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Nicotiana B-Species
benthamiana I-Species
transient O
expression O
and O
fl O
uores O
- O
cence O
resonance O
energy O
transfer O
( O
FRET O
) O
analysis O
Protein O
fusion O
constructs O
XVP B-CommonName
- O
YFP B-CommonName
and O
Brassinosteroid B-CommonName
insensitive I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( I-CommonName
BRI1 I-CommonName
) I-CommonName
associated I-CommonName
Kinase I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
BAK1 B-CommonName
) O
- O
CFP B-CommonName
were O
transformed O
into O
Agrobacterium O
strain O
GV3101 O
MP90 O
. O

Bars O
= O
2 O
mm O
( O
A O
and O
B O
) O
, O
500 O
u O
m O
( O
C O
- O
H O
) O
, O
and O
20 O
u O
m O
( O
J O
and O
K O
) O
. O

Quantitative O
analysis O
of O
plant O
polyamines B-Compound
including O
thermospermine B-Compound
during O
growth B-Process
and O
salinity O
stress O
. O

Total O
poly O
- O
saccharide O
content O
was O
used O
to O
indicate O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
content O
, O
which O
was O
pectrophotometrically O
measured O
at O
490 O
nm O
using O
glucose O
as O
standard O
. O

Sub O
- O
network O
of O
the O
100 O
most O
highly O
connected O
nodes O
in O
the O
relevance O
network O
( O
A O
) O
and O
the O
GGM O
network O
( O
B O
) O
. O

Immuno O
- O
TEM O
labeling O
showed O
xylan O
was O
abundant O
in O
the O
margins O
of O
later O
cisternae O
and O
in O
the O
TGN O
, O
and O
the O
swelling O
of O
the O
cisternal O
margins O
and O
large O
TGN O
vesi O
- O
cles O
was O
strongly O
correlated O
with O
the O
amount O
of O
xylan O
label O
in O
each O
cisterna O
. O

FUNDING O
This O
research O
was O
conducted O
as O
part O
of O
the O
MultiHemp O
project O
( O
Multipurpose O
hemp B-Species
for O
industrial O
bioproducts O
and O
biomass O
) O
funded O
by O
the O
European O
Union O
' O
s O
Seventh O
Framework O
Programme O
for O
research O
, O
technological O
developments B-Process
and O
demonstration O
under O
Grant O
Agreement O
No O
. O

We O
set O
up O
conditions O
both O
to O
cultivate O
excised O
roots B-Location
in O
vitro O
and O
to O
harden O
composite O
plants O
and O
veri O
fi O
ed O
that O
hairy B-Location
root I-Location
morphology O
and O
vascular B-Location
system O
anatomy O
were O
similar O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
ones O
. O

Intensity O
pro O
fi O
ling O
showed O
that O
cortical O
microtubules O
were O
present O
both O
inside O
and O
outside O
the O
active O
ROP O
domains O
( O
Figure O
4A O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
mi O
- O
crotubules O
were O
independent O
of O
the O
active O
ROP O
domains O
and O
did O
not O
in O
fl O
uence O
the O
shape O
of O
ROP O
domains O
. O

perenne I-Species
, O
we O
have O
identi O
fi O
ed O
all O
paralogues O
within O
the O
genome O
and O
predicted O
their O
function O
based O
on O
a O
correct O
delineation O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
associated O
clades O
and O
functional O
information O
avail O
- O
able O
in O
model O
species O
and O
crops O
. O

We O
applied O
a O
Least O
Absolute O
Shrinkage O
and O
Selection O
Operator O
( O
LASSO O
- O
based O
) O
association O
mapping O
method O
using O
a O
functional O
multilocus O
mapping O
approach O
that O
utilizes O
latent O
traits O
, O
with O
a O
stability O
selection O
probability O
method O
as O
the O
hypothesis O
testing O
approach O
to O
determine O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
quantitative O
trait O
locus O
. O

The O
resulting O
12 O
, O
576 O
probe O
sets O
were O
used O
to O
calculate O
the O
Pearson O
correlation O
coefficient O
values O
( O
PCC O
) O
. O

AtMC9 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
degrading O
the O
vessel B-Location
cell I-Location
content O
postmortem O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

Vertical O
lines O
represented O
the O
position O
of O
molecular O
markers O
, O
and O
the O
numbers O
of O
recombinants O
were O
indicated O
above O
the O
linkage O
map O
. O

In O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
Taylor O
- O
Teeples O
et O
al O
. O

TFs O
putatively O
functioning O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
were O
identified O
based O
on O
their O
ex O
- O
pression O
patterns O
. O

These O
lines O
were O
selected O
for O
their O
strong O
, O
yet O
fairly O
well O
- O
matched O
phenotypic O
severities O
. O

Planta O
227 O
: O
943 O
- O
956 O
Nakano O
J O
, O
Meshitsuka O
G O
( O
1992 O
) O
The O
detection O
of O
lignin B-Compound
. O

Jin O
Q O
, O
Yao O
Y O
, O
Cai O
YP O
, O
Lin O
Y O
. O

Extract O
enough O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
necessary O
for O
its O
complete O
characterization O
in O
a O
single O
extraction O
. O

Summary O
Accessible O
chromatin O
changes O
dynamically O
during O
development B-Process
and O
harbours O
functional O
regulatory O
regions O
which O
are O
poorly O
understood O
in O
the O
context O
of O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
. O

( O
DOCX O
) O
Figure O
S2 O
RNAi O
reduces O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
and O
causes O
failure O
of O
endothecium B-Location
development B-Process
in O
the O
T1 O
generation O
. O

Movie O
acquired O
over O
5 O
min O
at O
5 O
sec O
intervals O
. O

Southern O
blotting O
confirmed O
that O
they O
are O
the O
positive O
trans O
- O
forms O
( O
T2 O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

S5E O
) O
, O
and O
this O
antibody O
was O
able O
to O
discriminate O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
from O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
and O
other O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Flowering B-Process
is O
a O
crucial O
developmental O
process O
in O
the O
life O
cycle O
of O
plants O
. O

AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
expression O
regulation O
affected O
Arabidopsis B-Species
phe O
- O
notypes O
at O
different O
developmental O
stages O
. O

In O
flowering O
plants O
, O
the O
transition O
from O
the O
vegetative O
phase O
to O
the O
reproductive O
phase O
entails O
the O
orchestration O
of O
new O
growth B-Process
coordinates O
and O
a O
global O
redistribution B-Process
of O
resources O
, O
signals O
, O
and O
mechanical O
loads O
among O
organs O
. O

Moya O
- O
Le O
o O
n O
1 O
& O
Ra O
u O
l O
Herrera O
1 O
* O
The O
molecular O
mechanisms O
underlying O
inclination O
responses O
in O
trees O
are O
unclear O
. O

The O
cladogram O
is O
constructed O
with O
neighbour O
- O
joining O
method O
after O
DUF579 B-CommonName
protein O
sequences O
are O
aligned O
with O
ClustalW O
program O
. O

Seedlings O
were O
rinsed O
three O
times O
in O
TBST O
solution O
for O
5 O
min O
and O
were O
subsequently O
in O
- O
cubated O
in O
a O
1 O
: O
100 O
dilution O
of O
secondary O
anti O
- O
rat O
Alexa O
488 O
antibody O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
1 O
h O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
The O
adaptive O
LASSO O
and O
its O
oracle O
properties O
. O

The O
loss O
of O
DAPI O
- O
stained O
nuclei O
( O
Fig O
. O

PIN B-CommonName
proteins O
have O
the O
ability O
to O
change O
their O
subcellular O
localization O
dynamically O
thus O
al O
- O
lowing O
for O
a O
fl O
exible O
rise O
of O
new O
, O
polarized O
routes O
for O
auxin B-Compound
. O

Expression O
pattern O
analysis O
indicated O
that O
CEF1 B-CommonName
is O
mainly O
expressed O
in O
internodes B-Location
and O
panicles O
. O

The O
generative O
development B-Process
and O
seed B-Location
production O
in O
mutants O
were O
not O
altered O
in O
comparison O
to O
the O
controls O
. O

Light O
microscopic O
images O
of O
large O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
in O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
a O
) O
and O
cwa1 B-CommonName
( O
b O
) O
internodes B-Location
. O

Transcriptional O
coordination O
of O
the O
metabolic O
network O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Direct O
evidence O
of O
active O
and O
rapid O
nuclear O
degradation B-Process
triggered O
by O
vacuole O
rupture O
during O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
in O
Zinnia B-Species
. O

Differential O
expression O
in O
families O
associated O
with O
nucleotide O
- O
sugar O
interconversion B-Process
. O

However O
, O
leaf B-Location
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
not O
changed O
in O
RNAi O
trees O
( O
Table O
3 O
) O
. O

After O
3 O
more O
days O
of O
growth B-Process
hypocotyl B-Location
elongation B-Process
on O
salt O
media O
was O
measured O
. O

These O
mutations O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
the O
Landsberg O
erecta O
background O
, O
which O
was O
analyzed O
in O
parallel O
as O
a O
control O
. O

Disruption O
of O
MYB20 B-CommonName
, O
MYB42 B-CommonName
, O
37 O
MYB43 B-CommonName
, O
and O
MYB85 B-CommonName
resulted O
in O
growth B-Process
development B-Process
defects O
and O
substantial O
38 O
reductions O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

( O
1981 O
) O
An O
ultrastructural O
study O
of O
the O
relationship O
between O
microtubules O
and O
micro O
fi O
brils O
in O
cotton B-Species
( O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
L I-Species
. O
) O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
reversals O
. O

dosa00380 O
Tryptophan B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
( O
3 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os01t0273800 O
- O
01 O
Os01g0273800 O
; O
FAD O
- O
dependent O
pyridine O
nucleotide O
- O
disulphide O
oxidoreductase B-CommonName
domain O
containing O
protein O
. O

Systematic O
structural O
characterization O
of O
metabo O
- O
lites O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
via O
candidate O
substrate O
- O
product O
pair O
networks O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Expression O
of O
randomly O
integrated O
single O
complete O
copy O
transgenes O
does O
not O
vary O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

2006 O
) O
, O
implying O
that O
, O
other O
OsCADs B-CommonName
also O
contribute O
to O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
to O
some O
extent O
. O

japonica O
) O
genome O
: O
new O
insights O
from O
bioinformatics O
analysis O
. O

We O
therefore O
re O
- O
examined O
the O
ability O
of O
ROPGEF7 B-CommonName
PRONE O
to O
form O
domains O
by O
using O
ROP2 B-CommonName
, O
which O
is O
another O
ROP B-CommonName
expressed O
in O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
20 O
. O

It O
was O
later O
shown O
that O
VND6 B-CommonName
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
are O
functionally O
redun O
- O
dant O
, O
being O
sufficient O
for O
all O
vessel B-Location
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
[ O
16 O
, O
17 O
] O
. O

tomato B-Species
strains O
, O
but O
not O
by O
the O
virulent O
strains O
( O
Varet O
et O
al O
. O

In O
the O
BP O
category O
, O
subcategories O
of O
" O
apoptosis B-Process
" O
( O
GO O
: O
0006915 O
) O
, O
" O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
" O
( O
GO O
: O
0008219 O
) O
, O
and O
" O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
" O
( O
GO O
: O
0012501 O
) O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
enriched O
. O

The O
importance O
of O
the O
restriction O
of O
the O
CSCs O
to O
the O
curved O
membrane O
domains O
is O
that O
cellulose B-Compound
deposition B-Process
is O
concentrated O
in O
a O
discrete O
area O
of O
intense O
production O
. O

Endonuclease O
G O
is O
a O
novel O
determinant O
of O
cardiac O
hypertrophy O
and O
mitochondrial O
function O
. O

raimondii I-Species
and O
the O
A O
genome O
from O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Nakada O
R O
, O
Fujisawa O
Y O
, O
Hirakawa O
Y O
( O
2003 O
) O
Effects O
of O
clonal O
selection O
by O
microfibril O
angle O
on O
the O
genetic O
improvement O
of O
stiffness O
in O
Cryptomeria B-Species
japonica I-Species
D O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
A O
review O
of O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
: O
foundation O
for O
studying O
Arabidopsis B-Species
irregular B-CommonName
xylem I-CommonName
mutants O
with O
pleio O
- O
tropic O
phenotypes O
. O

CAA47181 O
. O
1 O
) O
containing O
the O
encoding O
sequence O
of O
a O
plastid O
targeting O
signal O
( O
SCHL O
; O
Lebrun O
et O
al O
. O

T O
speci O
fi O
cally O
active O
in O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
tissue O
. O

Observation O
of O
xylem B-Location
immunofluorescence O
from O
the O
eighth O
internode B-Location
( O
A O
) O
The O
internode B-Location
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
were O
probed O
with O
antibody O
LM10 O
. O

Zengyan O
Xie O
( O
Peking O
University O
) O
for O
fruitful O
discussion O
on O
the O
genomic O
sequence O
analyses O
. O

RLP44 B-CommonName
function O
requires O
the O
presence O
of O
BRI1 B-CommonName
independent O
of O
BR B-Compound
signalling O
strength O
. O

Walton O
, O
A O
high O
- O
throughput O
platform O
for O
screening O
milligram O
quantities O
of O
plant O
biomass O
for O
lignocellulose B-Compound
digestibility O
. O

These O
results O
revealed O
not O
only O
a O
critical O
function O
for O
the O
SCAMP B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
pathway O
in O
wood B-Compound
chemistry O
but O
also O
provided O
a O
systems O
- O
level O
interpretation O
of O
biological O
responses O
and O
pathways O
controlled O
by O
the O
SCAMP B-CommonName
pro O
- O
teins O
in O
the O
woody O
tissues O
of O
Populus B-Species
. O

Next O
, O
we O
investigated O
the O
distribution O
of O
irregularly O
SCW B-Compound
- O
forming O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
in O
xylem B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

This O
plasmid O
was O
introduced O
into O
the O
cwa1 B-CommonName
mutant O
by O
Agro O
- O
bacterium O
tumefaciens O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
( O
Hiei O
et O
al O
. O

R O
: O
A O
language O
and O
environment O
for O
statistical O
computing O
. O

Identification O
of O
high O
contributors O
to O
the O
2 O
first O
components O
after O
applying O
the O
PCA O
and O
dimdesc O
functions O
of O
the O
R O
package O
FactoMineR O
at O
the O
threshold O
of O
0 O
. O
05 O
. O

dosa00195 O
Photosynthesis O
( O
3 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os01t0869800 O
- O
01 O
Os01g0869800 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Photosystem O
II O
subunit O
PsbS O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
when O
we O
overexpressed O
Arabidopsis B-Species
SND2 B-CommonName
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
xylem B-Location
( O
Table O
5 O
) O
, O
we O
observed O
a O
phenotype O
in O
better O
agreement O
with O
that O
previously O
reported O
for O
Arabidopsis B-Species
[ O
21 O
] O
. O

During O
early O
phases O
of O
cell O
division B-Process
the O
microtubules O
mark O
the O
future O
separation O
plane O
as O
preprophase O
bands O
( O
Figure O
3C O
) O
. O

Expression O
of O
genes O
related O
to O
senescence B-Process
and O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
Genes O
that O
have O
been O
more O
speci O
fi O
cally O
associated O
with O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
were O
also O
found O
to O
be O
upregulated O
in O
response O
to O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
. O

Yet O
, O
AIR O
protocols O
currently O
available O
use O
low O
amounts O
of O
starting O
plant O
material O
and O
consequently O
several O
parallel O
extractions O
are O
required O
before O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
can O
be O
characterized O
. O

We O
were O
unable O
to O
quantify O
the O
number O
of O
insertion O
events O
at O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
domains O
. O

However O
, O
tylose B-Compound
was O
detected O
in O
the O
vessels B-Location
of O
the O
Pto4CL1 B-CommonName
down O
- O
regulated O
plants O
, O
with O
more O
tylose B-Compound
observed O
in O
the O
lines O
with O
collapsed O
vessels B-Location
. O

Genes O
that O
significantly O
differed O
between O
conditions O
were O
defined O
as O
those O
with O
padj O
< O
0 O
. O
1 O
and O
| O
FC O
> O
2 O
| O
. O

M12 O
was O
enriched O
in O
genes O
related O
to O
transport O
of O
molecules O
that O
were O
upregulated O
in O
[ O
W O
K O
] O
treat O
- O
ment O
. O

These O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
to O
avoid O
growth B-Process
abnormalities O
in O
iaaM B-CommonName
transgenic O
cotton B-Species
, O
it O
is O
advisable O
to O
use O
a O
weaker O
promoter O
rather O
than O
a O
stronger O
promoter O
, O
because O
the O
amount O
of O
the O
hormone O
produced O
by O
the O
trans O
- O
gene O
should O
be O
confined O
to O
the O
target O
tissue O
at O
an O
appropriate O
level O
. O

The O
data O
provided O
further O
evidence O
that O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
may O
have O
an O
effect O
on O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
influx O
and O
signaling O
during O
fiber B-Location
development B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
downregulation O
led O
to O
slightly O
longer O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
thinner O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Cultivar O
differences O
in O
the O
transdifferentiation B-Process
capacity O
of O
isolated O
cells O
were O
detected O
. O

After O
the O
reaction O
was O
completed O
, O
the O
reaction O
mixture O
was O
putted O
at O
- O
20 O
deg O
C O
for O
5 O
min O
to O
cool O
down O
. O

Knock O
- O
down O
transgenics O
displayed O
greater O
root B-Location
inhibition O
in O
presence O
of O
IAA B-Compound
than O
overexpression O
and O
more O
lignin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
in O
these O
tissues O
, O
substantiating O
further O
the O
relation O
between O
auxin B-Compound
and O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
. O

Database O
and O
developmental O
gene O
expression O
pro O
fi O
ling O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
assembly B-Process
in O
maize B-Species
. O

Temporal O
relationship O
between O
the O
transcription O
of O
two O
Arabidopsis B-Species
MADS O
box O
genes O
and O
the O
floral O
organ O
identity O
genes O
. O

2013 O
) O
, O
and O
a O
chimeric O
MUCILAGE B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
MODIFIED4 I-CommonName
( O
MUM4 B-CommonName
) O
promoter O
( O
MUM4 B-CommonName
0 O
. O
3Pro_35S O
; O
Dean O
et O
al O
. O

Notably O
, O
transgenic O
roots B-Location
could O
restart O
growing O
after O
one O
to O
three O
sampling O
events O
when O
the O
older O
part O
( O
approximately O
one O
- O
third O
) O
of O
the O
root B-Location
system O
was O
left O
on O
the O
composite O
plant O
and O
still O
express O
stably O
the O
fl O
uorescent O
reporter O
gene O
. O

Biomass O
production O
and O
acclimatory O
strategies O
in O
poplar B-Species
were O
also O
orchestrated O
via O
a O
genetic O
system O
of O
PAD4 B-CommonName
and O
LSD1 B-CommonName
which O
balanced O
the O
cell O
division B-Process
and O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
processes O
. O

Trees O
with O
contrasting O
wood B-Compound
density O
were O
identified O
based O
on O
gravimetrical O
measurement O
of O
wood B-Compound
cores O
from O
a O
large O
prog O
- O
eny O
trial O
containing O
250 O
families O
. O

In O
a O
recent O
study O
, O
Liu O
et O
al O
. O

The O
speci O
fi O
c O
activity O
( O
14 O
. O
2 O
nkat O
/ O
mg O
) O
is O
, O
nevertheless O
, O
considerably O
higher O
than O
that O
of O
CAO O
puri O
fi O
ed O
from O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
sequence O
matches O
exactly O
with O
the O
N O
- O
terminal O
sequence O
of O
PaLAC4 B-CommonName
after O
removal O
of O
the O
signal O
sequence O
, O
with O
C O
as O
the O
non O
- O
determined O
amino O
acid O
. O

However O
, O
overexpressing O
VuANR1 B-CommonName
had O
oppo O
- O
site O
effects O
on O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
in O
comparison O
with O
ATAF1 B-CommonName
( O
Figure O
S5 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
the O
speci O
fi O
cities O
of O
the O
mecha O
- O
nism O
of O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
are O
still O
poorly O
understood O
. O

A O
partial O
sequence O
corresponding O
to O
a O
MADS B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
box I-CommonName
TF O
was O
identified O
in O
a O
subtractive O
suppressed O
hybridi O
- O
zation O
library O
( O
SSH O
) O
of O
one O
- O
year O
old O
radiata B-Species
pine B-Species
seedlings O
exposed O
to O
inclination O
29 O
. O

An O
average O
mutant O
phenotype O
was O
affected O
in O
~ O
4 O
measured O
traits O
. O

A O
total O
of O
seven O
structural O
clades O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
among O
monocots O
, O
with O
L B-Species
. I-Species

1 O
) O
, O
are O
indeed O
incorpo O
- O
rated O
into O
the O
lignin B-Compound
of O
the O
transgenic O
trees O
. O

Role O
of O
the O
extensin B-CommonName
superfamily O
in O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
architecture O
. O

Wild O
type O
and O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
were O
each O
measured O
three O
times O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Growth B-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Northern O
analysis O
of O
RNA O
from O
stem B-Location
showed O
the O
strongest O
expression O
in O
lines O
4 O
, O
7 O
, O
and O
9 O
, O
and O
weakest O
expression O
in O
lines O
6 O
and O
15 O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
dicot O
plants O
syringyl B-Compound
( O
S O
) O
lignin B-Compound
, O
derived O
from O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
, O
is O
also O
present O
. O

VND7 B-CommonName
- O
VP16 O
- O
GR O
seedlings O
were O
incubated O
in O
this O
induction O
solution O
for O
4 O
to O
48 O
h O
, O
and O
they O
were O
gently O
shaken O
under O
regular O
growth B-Process
conditions O
( O
listed O
above O
) O
. O

Within O
each O
column O
, O
means O
that O
are O
not O
followed O
by O
the O
same O
letter O
are O
significantly O
different O
according O
to O
Tukey O
' O
s O
range O
test O
at O
0 O
. O
05 O
level O
. O

Which O
perhaps O
is O
due O
to O
the O
need O
of O
balancing O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biopolymer O
biosynthesis B-Process
with O
cellular B-Process
homeostasis I-Process
in O
xylem B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

Plant O
J O
60 O
: O
983 O
- O
999 O
Zhang O
M O
, O
Yuan O
B O
, O
Leng O
P O
( O
2009b O
) O
The O
role O
of O
ABA B-Compound
in O
triggering O
ethylene B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
ripening O
of O
tomato O
fruit O
. O

These O
data O
indicate O
an O
important O
function O
of O
the O
CC B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
main O
- O
taining O
CesA B-CommonName
function O
and O
microtubule O
stability O
during O
salt O
stress O
. O

Most O
functional O
assignments O
for O
plant O
helicases B-CommonName
rest O
on O
sequence O
analysis O
to O
identify O
them O
as O
putative O
homologs O
of O
yeast B-Species
and O
mammalian O
helicases B-CommonName
whose O
functions O
have O
been O
experimentally O
de O
fi O
ned O
. O

This O
study O
was O
financially O
supported O
by O
European O
Union O
7th O
Framework O
Program O
( O
PRIME O
- O
XS O
project O
, O
grant O
no O
. O

Simulation O
- O
ready O
models O
were O
prepared O
using O
the O
Amber O
16 O
software O
suite O
( O
Case O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

Information O
concerning O
the O
control O
of O
MF O
orientation B-Process
and O
its O
relationship O
with O
other O
wood B-Compound
properties O
are O
important O
in O
pro O
- O
ducing O
timber O
with O
the O
desired O
quality O
. O

Dinesh O
- O
Kumar O
d O
and O
Chandrashekhar O
P O
. O

The O
model O
proposed O
by O
Roach O
et O
al O
. O

We O
noticed O
that O
each O
of O
AtRbohD B-CommonName
and O
AtRbohF B-CommonName
had O
more O
homologues O
in O
the O
four O
Gossypium B-Species
species O
. O

Not O
only O
did O
PRX64 B-CommonName
and O
LAC4 B-CommonName
have O
distinctive O
cell O
types O
, O
they O
were O
also O
found O
in O
different O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
domains O
in O
the O
fib B-Location
- I-Location
ers I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

By O
calculating O
this O
score O
for O
all O
localizations O
, O
and O
selecting O
the O
localization O
with O
the O
highest O
score O
, O
it O
is O
possible O
to O
suggest O
the O
localization O
for O
a O
protein O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
dense O
deposits O
were O
found O
in O
the O
middle B-Compound
lamel I-Compound
- I-Compound
lae I-Compound
and O
amorphous O
structures O
at O
the O
surface O
of O
the O
cyto O
- O
plasm O
side O
of O
the O
cwa1 B-CommonName
sclerenchyma B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

Comparison O
Number O
of O
DEGs O
Up O
Down O
7Y O
vs O
. O

AtUTr1 B-CommonName
and O
AtUTr3 B-CommonName
, O
which O
transport O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
into O
the O
ER O
lumen O
, O
affect O
protein O
folding O
and O
pollen B-Location
and O
embryo B-Location
sac I-Location
development B-Process
( O
16 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
percentage O
in O
antisense O
lines O
, O
F1 O
and O
F11 O
, O
was O
not O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
different O
from O
that O
of O
WT O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
: O
ChaVey O
N O
( O
ed O
) O
Wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
trees O
: O
cell O
and O
molecular O
biology O
techniques O
. O

The O
abundance O
of O
pectic O
arabinogalactan B-Compound
epitopes O
in O
oxalate O
and O
carbonate O
extracts O
of O
VIGS O
- O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
lines O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
dropped O
in O
comparison O
to O
both O
control O
and O
VIGS O
- O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
lines O
. O

Miscanthus B-Species
has O
been O
studied O
as O
an O
important O
bioenergy O
crop O
because O
of O
high O
biomass O
yield O
and O
remarkable O
adaptability O
to O
different O
environments O
[ O
5 O
] O
. O

The O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
- O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
interaction O
was O
subsequently O
con O
fi O
rmed O
by O
BiFC O
analyses O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
vivo O
analysis O
of O
plant O
promoters O
and O
transcription O
factors O
by O
agroinfiltration O
of O
tobacco B-Species
leaves B-Location
. O

Stars O
indicate O
the O
GDSL B-CommonName
motif O
. O

Other O
spots O
exhibited O
two O
or O
three O
effects O
simultaneously O
. O

A O
single O
tree O
from O
the O
family O
with O
the O
highest O
( O
or O
lowest O
) O
density O
was O
further O
Candidate O
genes O
for O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
density O
1047 O
Downloaded O
from O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
academic O
. O
oup O
. O
com O
/ O
treephys O
/ O
article O
- O
abstract O
/ O
32 O
/ O
8 O
/ O
1046 O
/ O
1701115 O
by O
National O
Taiwan O
Univ O
. O

For O
instance O
, O
ectopic O
TEs B-Location
transdifferentiated O
from O
pavement B-Location
cells I-Location
still O
have O
the O
typical O
jigsaw O
puzzle O
piece O
shapes O
( O
Figure O
6C O
) O
. O

Overexpression O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
leads O
to O
dwarfism O
and O
reduced O
lignin B-Compound
content O
To O
study O
the O
involvement O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
in O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
we O
generated O
transgenic O
plants O
overexpressing O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
( O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
- O
ox O
) O
and O
lacking O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
due O
to O
knockdown O
by O
RNA O
interference O
( O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
) O
and O
knockout O
by O
CRISPR O
/ O
Cas9 O
system O
( O
osidd2 B-CommonName
) O
. O

Estimated O
divergence O
period O
of O
PtAP B-CommonName
gene O
pairs O
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
Table O
S5 O
. O

4a O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
acetylated O
xylopyranoside B-Compound
is O
its O
preferred O
substrate O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
applied O
a O
functional O
AM O
approach O
to O
identify O
genomic O
regions O
contributing O
to O
wood B-Compound
quality O
traits O
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
. O

A O
threshold O
of O
0 O
. O
8 O
allowed O
keeping O
the O
maximum O
amount O
of O
nodes O
with O
a O
minimum O
amount O
of O
edges O
in O
order O
to O
optimize O
network O
modularity O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

To O
understand O
the O
controlling O
mecha O
- O
nisms O
of O
MF O
orientation B-Process
, O
it O
is O
of O
value O
to O
monitor O
the O
seasonal O
changes O
in O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
newly O
deposited O
MFs O
from O
early O
- O
wood B-Compound
to O
latewood B-Compound
formation B-Process
within O
a O
single O
annual O
ring O
. O

Then O
, O
2 O
ml O
water O
was O
added O
and O
the O
hydrolysates O
were O
extracted O
three O
times O
with O
3 O
ml O
of O
CHCl O
3 O
. O

To O
date O
, O
the O
CaMV O
( O
Cauli O
fl O
ower O
Mosaic O
Virus O
) O
35S O
promoter O
has O
been O
used O
in O
many O
tree O
genetic O
engineering O
applications O
. O

Five O
full O
- O
length O
cDNAs O
were O
recovered O
. O

Time O
- O
series O
clusters O
, O
co O
- O
expression O
module O
( O
Gerttula O
et O
al O
. O

f O
, O
Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
the O
acetylated O
xylooligosaccharides B-Compound
by O
LC O
- O
QTOF O
MS O
with O
and O
without O
( O
+ O
/ O
- O
) O
BS1 B-CommonName
treatment O
. O

The O
newly O
identified O
motifs O
CXXC O
and O
SXXCEXWF O
are O
highlighted O
in O
blue O
and O
previously O
reported O
motifs O
in O
black O
. O

Methyl B-Compound
jasmonate I-Compound
induces O
resistance O
against O
Penicillium B-Species
citrinum I-Species
in O
Chinese B-Species
bayberry I-Species
by O
priming O
of O
defense O
responses O
. O

Genetic O
complexity O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
a O
gene O
function O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
embryogenesis B-Process
. O

/ O
Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochemistry O
104 O
( O
2016 O
) O
226e233 O
230 O
( O
ABA B-Compound
) O
) O
to O
the O
10 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
seedlings O
of O
PtrMX3pro O
: O
: O
GUS O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
com O
- O
position O
of O
sugar O
monomers O
differed O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
between O
control O
and O
VIGS O
- O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
lines O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

The O
length O
distribution O
of O
74 O
, O
402 O
assembled O
unigenes O
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
Pinus B-Species
taeda I-Species
. O

In O
order O
to O
avoid O
possible O
impacts O
from O
tree O
growth B-Process
and O
other O
environmental O
factors O
, O
all O
selected O
individuals O
had O
no O
statisti O
- O
cally O
significant O
difference O
in O
growth B-Process
rate O
( O
P O
value O
= O
0 O
. O
094 O
) O
( O
Figure O
1c O
) O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1104 O
/ O
pp O
. O
112 O
. O
199208 O
PMID O
: O
22926318 O
; O
PubMed O
Central O
PMCID O
: O
PMC3461551 O
. O

( O
F O
) O
Reconstruction O
of O
ROPGEF7 B-CommonName
PRONE O
domains O
in O
tobacco B-Species
leaf B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
three O
angiosperm O
sequences O
also O
had O
distinguishing O
features O
; O
for O
example O
, O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
the O
' O
' O
ARR1AT O
' O
' O
motif O
grouped O
them O
together O
in O
a O
distinct O
set O
from O
the O
conifer B-Species
sequences O
( O
Fig O
. O

taeda I-Species
genomic O
fl O
anking O
sequence O
with O
the O
following O
modi O
fi O
ca O
- O
tions O
. O

Xylem B-Location
Development B-Process
and O
Regulation O
content O
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

1994 O
; O
Barcel O
o O
1998a O
, O
b O
and O
references O
therein O
) O
. O

The O
pellet O
was O
then O
washed O
with O
70 O
and O
100 O
% O
ethanol O
, O
sequentially O
, O
without O
disrup O
- O
tion O
. O

The O
decrease O
in O
xylose B-Compound
and O
arabinose B-Compound
coincided O
with O
an O
increase O
in O
ferulates O
, O
and O
the O
authors O
suggest O
ferulates O
may O
be O
replacing O
the O
xylose B-Compound
and O
arabinose B-Compound
within O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
hence O
their O
decrease O
during O
tissue O
maturation B-Process
( O
Jung O
& O
Casler O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

Dark O
blue O
and O
light O
blue O
boxes O
represent O
identical O
and O
similar O
amino O
acids O
, O
respectively O
. O

Silencing O
of O
4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
coumarate I-CommonName
: I-CommonName
coenzyme I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
ligase I-CommonName
in O
switchgrass B-Species
leads O
to O
reduced O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
improved O
fermentable O
sugar O
yields O
for O
biofuel O
production O
. O

Cladogram O
of O
selected O
CAD B-CommonName
proteins O
and O
their O
gene O
structure O
. O

Linkage O
map O
construction O
: O
To O
perform O
cosegregation O
analysis O
of O
all O
traits O
on O
all O
RAPD O
markers O
, O
we O
reconstructed O
a O
genetic O
linkage O
map O
for O
the O
E B-Species
. I-Species

2007 O
) O
, O
and O
two O
laccase B-CommonName
- O
like O
isoenzymes O
with O
the O
ability O
to O
form O
DHPs B-Compound
have O
been O
found O
in O
a O
lignin B-Compound
- O
forming O
cell O
culture O
of O
spruce B-Species
( O
K O
EUR O
ark O
EUR O
onen O
et O
al O
. O

Grass O
xylans B-Compound
tend O
to O
have O
more O
arabinose O
, O
and O
no O
arabinose O
has O
been O
detected O
in O
xylan B-Compound
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
quality O
of O
the O
extracted O
RNA O
was O
checked O
by O
electrophoresis O
and O
the O
concentration O
measured O
using O
a O
NanoDrop O
ND O
- O
1000 O
spectrophotometer O
. O

This O
is O
thought O
to O
be O
achieved O
by O
the O
axial O
orientation B-Process
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
microfibrils O
and O
the O
ability O
of O
matrix O
polymers O
to O
swell O
( O
Burgert O
and O
Fratzl O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

Chromatin O
immunoprecipitation O
Molecular O
Plant O
11 O
, O
163 O
- O
174 O
, O
January O
2018 O
a O
The O
Author O
2017 O
. O

This O
SNP O
is O
associated O
across O
LWD O
, O
RW O
and O
MOE O
with O
partial O
to O
fully O
dominance O
( O
0 O
. O
50 O
< O
| O
d O
/ O
a O
| O
< O
1 O
. O
25 O
) O
for O
all O
three O
associations O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

Line O
5 O
plants O
were O
used O
for O
phenotypic O
stud O
- O
ies O
. O

In O
the O
second O
tab O
, O
DU O
, O
365 O
genes O
downregulated O
in O
sft B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
homograft O
but O
upregulated O
at O
least O
1 O
. O
5 O
fold O
in O
comparison O
to O
35S O
SFT B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
heterograft O
are O
listed O
( O
Fig O
. O

" O
New O
insights O
into O
heartwood B-Compound
and O
heartwood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
" O
in O
Cellular O
Aspects O
of O
Wood B-Compound
Formation B-Process
. O

Study O
of O
stilbene O
and O
resin B-Compound
acid I-Compound
content O
of O
Scots B-Species
pine I-Species
heartwood B-Compound
by O
electrical O
impedance O
spectroscopy O
( O
EIS O
) O
. O

Torres O
( O
Universidad O
Polite O
' O
cnica O
de O
Madrid O
, O
Madrid O
, O
Spain O
) O
. O

This O
hardening O
is O
due O
to O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
increased O
lignification B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
vascula O
- O
ture O
and O
supporting O
structures O
. O

Lines O
2 O
, O
5 O
, O
68 O
, O
80 O
and O
94 O
showed O
a O
delay O
in O
development B-Process
and O
a O
dwarf O
phenotype O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
patterned O
deposition B-Process
and O
transcriptional O
regulation O
. O

We O
also O
found O
that O
the O
genotype O
combinations O
of O
SNPs O
with O
epistatic O
interactions O
for O
phenotypes O
displayed O
stronger O
effects O
than O
single O
loci O
. O

Together O
, O
the O
results O
suggest O
that O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
, O
produced O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
, O
plays O
a O
role O
in O
regulating O
lateral O
growth B-Process
by O
repression O
of O
cambium B-Location
activity O
in O
trees O
. O

Brown O
NH O
( O
2011 O
) O
Extracellular O
matrix O
in O
development B-Process
: O
insights O
from O
mechanisms O
conserved O
between O
invertebrates O
and O
vertebrates O
. O

Constructs O
For O
promotor O
- O
GUS O
fusion O
constructs O
genomic O
DNA O
fragments O
approx O
. O

Transcriptome O
analysis O
reveals O
that O
distinct O
metabolic O
pathways O
operate O
in O
salt O
- O
tolerant O
and O
salt O
- O
sensitive O
upland O
cotton B-Species
varieties O
subjected O
to O
salinity O
stress O
. O

Modification B-Process
of O
gibberellin B-Compound
production O
and O
plant O
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
by O
sense O
and O
antisense O
expression O
of O
gibberellin B-CommonName
20 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
genes O
. O

Het O
= O
heterozygous O
and O
wildtype O
plants O
of O
the O
segregating O
dwf4 O
- O
102 O
population O
( O
E O
and O
F O
) O
Protoxylem B-Location
cell I-Location
number O
of O
genotypes O
analysed O
in O
Fig O
. O

Mature B-Location
TEs I-Location
undergo O
the O
fi O
nal O
autolysis B-Process
process O
to O
clear O
the O
cellular O
contents O
including O
the O
fl O
uorescent O
reporter O
proteins O
. O

' O
' O
948 O
' O
' O
program O
of O
State O
Forestry O
Administration O
P O
. O
R O
. O

The O
main O
units O
, O
characterized O
by O
their O
55 O
inter O
- O
unit O
linkages O
, O
are O
colored O
to O
coincide O
with O
their O
structures O
at O
the O
bottom O
. O

Time O
indicates O
time O
after O
salt O
exposure O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Distribution O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
- O
binding O
regions O
in O
the O
maize B-Species
genome O
. O

Consistent O
with O
this O
fi O
nding O
, O
osmotic O
stress O
using O
sorbitol O
did O
not O
cause O
any O
major O
growth B-Process
de O
- O
fects O
of O
the O
cc1cc2 B-CommonName
seedlings O
, O
and O
it O
therefore O
appears O
likely O
that O
the O
CC B-CommonName
proteins O
mainly O
function O
to O
sustain O
the O
microtubule O
array O
during O
ionic O
stress O
. O

When O
we O
normalized O
data O
together O
for O
the O
two O
kinds O
of O
roots B-Location
used O
, O
thioacidolysis O
yields O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
reduced O
in O
silenced O
lines O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
, O
Figure O
8c O
) O
. O

From O
300 O
nM O
to O
3 O
mM O
Cu O
the O
plants O
were O
more O
homogeneous O
in O
their O
development B-Process
, O
developed O
a O
higher O
leaf B-Location
surface O
area O
and O
the O
leaves B-Location
tended O
to O
remain O
greener O
. O

( O
1987 O
) O
The O
neighbor O
- O
joining O
method O
: O
a O
new O
method O
for O
reconstructing O
phylogenetic O
trees O
. O

The O
resulting O
ho O
- O
mozygous O
mutant O
line O
, O
named O
ccc O
for O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
ccr1 B-CommonName
, O
was O
identi O
fi O
ed O
and O
studied O
. O

The O
experiments O
were O
repeated O
three O
times O
with O
similar O
results O
. O

The O
transformed O
tobacco B-Species
leaves B-Location
were O
treated O
with O
50 O
M O
cycloheximide O
( O
CHX O
; O
mock O
treatment O
) O
and O
20 O
M O
IAA O
( O
auxin B-Compound
treatment O
) O
for O
2 O
hours O
respectively O
, O
and O
then O
stained O
with O
DAPI O
. O

Although O
such O
patterning B-Process
was O
not O
evident O
from O
visual O
inspection O
of O
phloem B-Location
pole O
distribution B-Process
, O
a O
density O
map O
representation O
of O
phloem B-Location
bundle I-Location
cells I-Location
suggested O
a O
spatial O
pattern O
of O
phloem B-Location
poles O
positioning O
around O
the O
central O
xylem B-Location
( O
Figure O
6A O
) O
. O

When O
combined O
with O
the O
NOS O
terminator O
, O
neither O
pine B-Species
promoter O
conferred O
xylem B-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
expression O
in O
tobacco B-Species
. O

The O
expression O
level O
of O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
was O
not O
affected O
in O
the O
knat7 B-CommonName
mutant O
background O
( O
File O
S1 O
) O
. O

2014 O
) O
, O
Pa O
( O
Wadenb O
a O
ck O
et O
al O
. O

Our O
data O
reveal O
distinct O
and O
dynamic O
subcellular O
trafficking B-Process
patterns O
that O
underpin O
the O
remodeling B-Process
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthetic O
machinery O
, O
resulting O
in O
the O
removal O
and O
degradation B-Process
of O
the O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
CESA B-CommonName
complex O
with O
concurrent O
production B-Process
and O
recycling B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
. O

FDR O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
and O
the O
absolute O
value O
of O
log2 O
fold O
change O
> O
1 O
were O
used O
as O
the O
threshold O
to O
define O
the O
significant O
differences O
in O
gene O
expression O
. O

Dunsmuir O
, O
Sequences O
downstream O
of O
translation O
start O
regulate O
quantitative O
expression O
of O
two O
petunia B-Species
rbcS B-CommonName
genes O
, O
Plant O
Cell O
1 O
( O
1989 O
) O
201 O
- O
208 O
. O

Percentage O
amino O
acid O
similarity O
among O
Lp4CL B-CommonName
genes O
. O

The O
authors O
declare O
no O
con O
fl O
ict O
of O
interest O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
phloem B-Location
appear O
differ O
- O
ent O
in O
TS O
( O
Figure O
1 O
) O
. O

The O
species O
identity O
of O
the O
trees O
was O
veri O
fi O
ed O
at O
the O
Botanical O
Herbarium O
of O
the O
University O
of O
Helsinki O
. O

In O
grasses O
with O
C4 O
photosynthesis B-Process
, O
including O
maize B-Species
and O
switchgrass B-Species
, O
there O
is O
further O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
of O
the O
bundle B-Location
sheath I-Location
cells I-Location
to O
support O
the O
separate O
phases O
of O
photosynthesis B-Process
. O

1B O
) O
and O
six O
lines O
were O
selected O
and O
self O
- O
fertilized O
for O
further O
experiments O
. O

This O
type O
of O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
shows O
similarities O
to O
animal O
autophagic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

These O
neutral O
losses O
typically O
correspond O
with O
the O
subsequent O
losses O
of O
two O
dehydrated O
hexose O
structures O
( O
C O
6 O
H O
10 O
O O
5 O
, O
theoretical O
mass O
of O
162 O
. O
053 O
Da O
) O
. O

In O
the O
present O
study O
we O
observed O
differences O
in O
GA B-Compound
levels O
between O
leaf B-Location
and O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
, O
with O
the O
largest O
increases O
in O
active O
GA B-Compound
1 I-Compound
and O
GA B-Compound
4 I-Compound
detected O
in O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

The O
cortical O
microtubules O
restrict O
localization O
of O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
complex O
at O
their O
sides O
. O

For O
this O
gene O
, O
we O
predict O
a O
func O
- O
tion O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
based O
on O
the O
functional O
clade O
delin O
- O
eation O
. O

Hence O
the O
CSI1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
POM2 I-CommonName
proteins O
, O
which O
are O
associated O
with O
the O
tracking O
CSCs O
, O
interact O
with O
microtubules O
and O
cause O
displacement O
of O
them O
in O
the O
cmu1cmu2 O
mutant O
. O

Standard O
errors O
between O
duplicate O
analyses O
are O
in O
brackets O
. O

A O
positive O
relation O
of O
peroxidases B-CommonName
with O
the O
decrease O
in O
the O
growth B-Process
capacity O
has O
been O
previously O
found O
suggesting O
that O
it O
should O
have O
an O
important O
function O
in O
the O
stiffening B-Process
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Imoto O
et O
al O
. O

A O
virus O
- O
derived O
2A O
peptide O
sequence O
was O
used O
to O
produce O
a O
fusion O
gene O
of O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
( O
without O
the O
stop O
codon O
) O
and O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
expressed O
with O
the O
DX15 B-CommonName
promoter O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
is O
the O
most O
abundant O
biopolymer O
, O
and O
is O
synthesized O
by O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
complexes O
on O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

BMC O
Genomics O
9 O
: O
484 O
R O
Development O
Core O
Team O
( O
2015 O
) O
. O

The O
lack O
of O
an O
active O
AtPAD4 B-CommonName
gene O
is O
connected O
with O
disorders O
in O
salicylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
SA O
) O
, O
ethylene B-Compound
( O
ET O
) O
and O
reactive B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
( O
ROS B-Compound
) O
, O
anterograde O
and O
retrograde O
defence O
as O
well O
as O
acclimatory O
and O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
( O
CD O
) O
signalling O
( O
Zhou O
et O
al O
. O

The O
supernatants O
were O
collected O
and O
the O
pellets O
were O
re O
- O
extracted O
with O
1 O
. O
5 O
mL O
of O
the O
same O
extrac O
- O
tion O
solution O
then O
sonicated O
for O
15 O
min O
( O
25 O
Hz O
) O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
and O
bold O
text O
designates O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
correlation O
( O
P O
- O
value O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
Scan O
using O
WeChat O
with O
your O
smartphone O
to O
view O
JIPB O
online O
Scan O
with O
iPhone O
or O
iPad O
to O
view O
JIPB O
online O
590 O
Zinkgraf O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Plant O
CLE B-CommonName
peptides O
from O
two O
distinct O
functional O
classes O
synergistically O
induce O
division B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Pectin B-CommonName
methylesterase31 I-CommonName
positively O
regulates O
salt O
stress O
tolerance O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

1 O
) O
, O
is O
not O
sup O
- O
ported O
by O
recent O
localization B-Process
studies O
11 O
. O

Chiang O
, O
2006 O
A O
genomic O
and O
molecular O
view O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

IQD13 B-CommonName
FL O
- O
GFP O
was O
detected O
along O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

Similarly O
, O
SA B-Compound
has O
been O
recognized O
as O
a O
signal O
mediating O
plant O
response O
to O
abiotic O
stresses O
such O
as O
drought O
, O
and O
there O
are O
many O
evidences O
that O
con O
fi O
rm O
the O
role O
of O
SA B-Compound
during O
plant O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
( O
Vicente O
and O
Plasencia O
2011 O
) O
. O

VND7 B-CommonName
activity O
in O
7 O
- O
to O
10 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
seedlings O
was O
induced O
as O
described O
in O
Yamaguchi O
et O
al O
. O

I O
would O
like O
that O
the O
authors O
provide O
some O
movies O
of O
SmaCCs O
after O
ES20 O
treatment O
to O
be O
sure O
that O
they O
are O
describing O
YFP O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
that O
are O
associated O
to O
microtubules O
( O
in O
addition O
to O
the O
Figure O
S11 O
) O
. O

As O
expected O
, O
nitrogen O
fertilization O
enhanced O
growth B-Process
of O
poplar B-Species
saplings O
in O
both O
height O
and O
girth O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
has O
im O
- O
proved O
our O
understanding O
of O
how O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharide B-Compound
synthe B-Process
- I-Process
sis I-Process
is O
regulated O
by O
Golgi O
NSTs B-CommonName
in O
plants O
. O

In O
April O
, O
the O
new O
xylem B-Location
in O
the O
young O
trees O
was O
at O
the O
same O
developmental O
stage O
as O
in O
the O
mature O
trees O
used O
for O
LCM O
in O
June O
in O
Finland O
, O
justi O
fi O
ed O
by O
the O
number O
of O
newly O
formed O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
layers O
. O

The O
activation O
tagged O
line O
JJ16575 O
, O
which O
has O
the O
T O
- O
DNA O
insertion O
in O
the O
last O
exon O
of O
the O
APX3 B-CommonName
gene O
( O
Bradi3g42340 O
) O
encoding O
a O
microsomal O
APX B-CommonName
was O
used O
as O
T O
- O
DNA O
control O
. O

Error O
bars O
are O
the O
SDs O
of O
four O
technical O
replicates O
623 O
Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
( O
2014 O
) O
85 O
: O
613 O
- O
625 O
1 O
3 O
responses O
involving O
acidosis O
( O
Laohavisit O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
A O
central O
role O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
ovate O
family O
proteins O
in O
networking O
and O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
aa I-CommonName
loop I-CommonName
extension I-CommonName
homeodomain I-CommonName
pro I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
teins I-CommonName
. O

The O
distance O
( O
d O
) O
between O
the O
coverage O
peaks O
of O
the O
IX O
- O
DHSs O
and O
H3K4me3 O
histone B-Compound
marks O
is O
c O
. O

( O
C O
) O
The O
accumulation B-Process
level O
of O
the O
ferulate B-Compound
and O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumarate I-Compound
esters I-Compound
of O
leaf B-Location
cutins B-Compound
from O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

The O
author O
found O
that O
the O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
occurred O
rapidly O
in O
limited O
number O
of O
cells O
at O
the O
place O
of O
inoculation O
with O
the O
fungus O
, O
before O
the O
actual O
penetration O
of O
the O
fungal O
hyphae O
into O
the O
cell O
. O

Both O
arise O
in O
a O
highly O
ordered O
manner O
from O
meristematic O
divisions O
in O
the O
cambium B-Location
and O
procambium B-Location
. O

It O
is O
therefore O
of O
great O
interest O
to O
understand O
the O
composition O
of O
the O
di O
ff O
erent O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
how O
they O
are O
organized O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
to O
understand O
the O
relation O
to O
their O
functionalities O
. O

Stained O
sections O
were O
mounted O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
concentrated O
NH O
4 O
OH O
and O
observed O
under O
a O
dissection O
microscope O
. O

bethamiana I-Species
, O
the O
GFP B-CommonName
- O
XVP B-CommonName
fusion O
protein O
was O
observed O
on O
the O
plasma O
mem O
- O
brane O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seedlings O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
terminated O
reaction O
mixture O
was O
spotted O
onto O
a O
strip O
of O
Whatman O
3MM O
paper O
and O
developed O
overnight O
with O
the O
solvent O
of O
95 O
% O
ethanol O
: O
1 O
M O
ammonium O
acetate O
( O
2 O
: O
1 O
, O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
as O
mobile O
phase O
. O

Some O
sets O
could O
be O
distinguished O
on O
the O
basis O
of O
target O
gene O
function O
. O

Ten O
milligrams O
of O
the O
resulting O
powder O
was O
resuspended O
in O
1 O
ml O
of O
2 O
M O
HCl O
and O
0 O
. O
2 O
ml O
of O
thioglycolic O
acid O
and O
incu O
- O
bated O
at O
95 O
[ O
? O
] O
C O
for O
4 O
h O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
The O
plant O
vascular B-Location
system O
: O
Evolution O
, O
development B-Process
and O
func O
- O
tions O
. O

2 O
) O
Dataset O
3 O
: O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
genes O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
heterologous O
expression O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
of O
sorghum O
transcription O
factor O
SbbHLH1 B-CommonName
downregulates O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

154 O
, O
2015 O
283 O
wood B-Compound
is O
generally O
desirable O
for O
ethanol O
- O
based O
bioenergy O
production O
because O
lignins B-Compound
serve O
as O
physical O
barriers O
to O
enzymes O
accessing O
celluloses B-Compound
for O
degradation B-Process
( O
Chen O
and O
Dixon O
2007 O
) O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Comparative O
gen O
- O
ome O
analysis O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
gene O
families O
across O
the O
plant O
kingdom O
. O

The O
numbers O
in O
the O
squares O
indicate O
similar O
areas O
to O
those O
shown O
in O
detail O
in O
B O
- O
D O
. O

In O
summary O
, O
our O
own O
as O
well O
as O
previously O
reported O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
- O
related O
transcriptomic O
data O
support O
the O
involvement O
of O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
in O
the O
molecular O
regulation O
of O
the O
process O
. O

SUPPLEMENTAL O
DATA O
The O
following O
supplemental O
materials O
are O
available O
. O

They O
may O
lignify O
later O
during O
heartwood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
as O
in O
Scots B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
Bergstr O
o O
m O
2003 O
) O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
analysis O
of O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
overexpression O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
. O

Graphs O
show O
expression O
normalised O
to O
ACT2 B-CommonName
. O

( O
I O
) O
Cultured O
non O
- O
xylem O
cells O
expressing O
MT1 O
- O
GFP O
. O

In O
its O
role O
as O
a O
floral O
enhancer O
, O
florigen B-Compound
is O
checked O
by O
systemic O
antagonistic O
systems O
( O
2 O
, O
11 O
, O
35 O
) O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Schematic O
view O
of O
GO O
- O
PROMTO O
assays O
. O

Grant O
Disclosures O
The O
following O
grant O
information O
was O
disclosed O
by O
the O
authors O
: O
National O
Natural O
Science O
Foundation O
of O
China O
: O
31640068 O
. O

Three O
members O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
glycosyltransferase B-CommonName
8 I-CommonName
family O
are O
xylan B-CommonName
glucuronosyltransferases I-CommonName
. O

A O
total O
of O
16 O
clusters O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
that O
ranged O
in O
size O
from O
330 O
to O
1 O
, O
019 O
genes O
( O
Figure O
3 O
, O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

Its O
mode O
of O
action O
is O
through O
the O
very O
inefficient O
peptide O
bonding O
of O
G O
and O
P O
( O
red O
) O
that O
is O
disrupted O
during O
translation O
, O
resulting O
in O
division O
into O
two O
proteins O
. O

thaliana I-Species
NST3 B-CommonName
promoter O
( O
AtNST3pro O
) O
was O
introduced O
into O
the O
A B-Species
. I-Species

2011 O
) O
and O
ppcesa8KO O
( O
unpublished O
data O
) O
have O
shown O
no O
defects O
in O
rhizoid O
development B-Process
, O
indicating O
possible O
redundant O
function O
in O
rhizoid O
development B-Process
( O
Wise O
et O
al O
. O

Gene O
expression O
in O
the O
top O
three O
internodes B-Location
of O
the O
2 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
plants O
was O
determined O
using O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
. O

Phylogeny O
of O
XYLEM B-CommonName
SERINE I-CommonName
PEPTIDASE I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
XSP1 B-CommonName
) O
gene O
. O

Two O
independent O
insertions O
of O
T O
- O
DNA O
in O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
resulted O
in O
the O
same O
pale O
seed B-Location
color O
phenotype O
, O
strongly O
suggesting O
that O
the O
phenotype O
was O
due O
to O
the O
mutation O
in O
this O
speciWc O
gene O
. O

Sequences O
of O
forward O
and O
reverse O
primers O
can O
be O
sent O
on O
request O
. O

The O
reason O
for O
this O
apparent O
contradiction O
may O
lie O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
reversals O
. O

This O
indicates O
that O
the O
annotated O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
cluster O
1 O
may O
not O
be O
re O
- O
sponsible O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
during O
nor O
- O
mal O
plant O
development B-Process
. O

( O
E O
) O
Quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
relative O
D O
mRNA O
levels O
( O
normalized O
with O
respect O
to O
actin O
mRNA O
levels O
) O
in O
the O
three O
regions O
as O
shown O
in O
D O
. O

Interpreta O
- O
tion O
of O
Near O
Infrared O
Spectroscopy O
data O
using O
partial O
least O
squares O
regression O
. O

Transcriptional O
wiring O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Several O
studies O
have O
demon O
- O
strated O
that O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
plays O
a O
pivotal O
role O
during O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
and O
fruit B-Location
development B-Process
. O

A O
micromethod O
for O
high O
throughput O
RNA O
extraction O
in O
forest O
trees O
. O

The O
scale O
bar O
represents O
5 O
. O
0 O
Mb O
Cao O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
we O
did O
not O
observe O
similar O
changes O
of O
other O
Golgi O
- O
located O
proteins O
, O
such O
as O
Got1p B-CommonName
and O
IRX9L B-CommonName
. O

Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
perturbations O
affect O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
and O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
yield O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

Plants O
were O
cultivated O
in O
closed O
system O
, O
in O
50 O
ml O
tubes O
fi O
lled O
with O
perlite O
: O
soil O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
, O
1 O
: O
1 O
) O
and O
35 O
ml O
of O
water O
, O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Wituszyn O
' O
ska O
and O
Karpin O
' O
ski O
2014 O
) O
. O

Substrate O
speci O
fi O
city O
and O
catalytic O
activity O
of O
these O
proteins O
were O
assessed O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
1 O
mM O
Mn O
21 O
and O
1 O
mM O
Mg O
21 O
and O
either O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
Glc I-Compound
( O
Figure O
6C O
) O
or O
GDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
Man I-Compound
( O
Figure O
6D O
) O
. O

dosa00710 O
Carbon O
fixation O
in O
photosynthetic O
organisms O
( O
4 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os04t0551200 O
- O
01 O
Os04g0551200 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Cytoplasmic O
malate B-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
The O
effects O
on O
lignin B-Compound
structure O
of O
overexpression O
of O
ferulate B-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
hydroxy I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lase I-CommonName
in O
hybrid O
poplar B-Species
. O

( O
g O
) O
The O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutant O
plants O
showing O
smaller O
stem B-Location
diameter O
. O

77 O
. O
6 O
% O
~ O
80 O
. O
6 O
% O
of O
these O
reads O
could O
be O
mapped O
onto O
the O
reference O
genome O
via O
the O
TopHat O
program O
[ O
29 O
] O
. O

Sibout O
R O
, O
H O
o O
fte O
H O
. O

In O
the O
present O
study O
, O
gene O
expression O
analyses O
indicate O
that O
XVP B-CommonName
( O
leads O
to O
precocious O
Xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
, O
disruption O
of O
Vascular B-Location
Patterning B-Process
) O
promotes O
the O
expression O
of O
CLE44 B-CommonName
, O
a O
gene O
encoding O
TDIF B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

This O
suggested O
that O
the O
suppression O
of O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
wild O
- O
type O
, O
OE O
, O
and O
DN O
plants O
. O

In O
cotton B-Species
, O
the O
expression O
of O
Susy B-CommonName
is O
higher O
at O
16 O
- O
32 O
DPA O
, O
and O
this O
enzyme O
plays O
a O
major O
role O
in O
partitioning O
carbon O
toward O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
the O
fiber B-Location
[ O
13 O
] O
. O

The O
full O
- O
length O
genes O
were O
cloned O
into O
the O
destination O
vectors O
pEarleyGate O
101 O
[ O
73 O
] O
. O

Laccase B-CommonName
: O
a O
review O
of O
its O
past O
and O
its O
future O
in O
bioremediation O
. O

The O
Populus B-Species
ACS3 B-CommonName
and O
ACS4 B-CommonName
had O
their O
highest O
expression O
in O
expanding B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
during O
late O
xylem B-Location
maturation B-Process
( O
late O
CD O
zone O
) O
, O
respectively O
( O
Supplementary O
Figure O
S3B O
, O
Supplementary O
Table O
S2 O
) O
. O

Most O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
tested O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
, O
except O
a O
few O
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Real O
- O
time O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
showing O
increased O
VND6 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutant O
. O

Data O
were O
analyzed O
using O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
. O

+ O
( O
estimate O
n O
) O
* O
( O
selected O
metabolite O
n O
) O
; O
where O
' O
mu O
' O
is O
the O
expected O
value O
of O
response O
in O
the O
target O
trait O
. O

Data O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
( O
E O
) O
and O
12 O
( O
G O
) O
) O
; O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
; O
* O
* O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
; O
Scale O
bars O
= O
10 O
u O
m O
( O
F O
) O
. O

Early O
phase O
xylem B-Location
consists O
mainly O
of O
the O
interconnected O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
( O
terminally O
differentiated O
, O
dead O
cells O
with O
perforated O
, O
thick O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
that O
are O
the O
actual O
conducts O
for O
water O
and O
solutes O
) O
and O
xylem B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Our O
data O
suggest O
that O
current O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
models O
should O
be O
revised O
toinclude O
theCSE O
- O
catalyzedconversionofcaffeoyl O
shikimate O
into O
caffeate B-Compound
, O
although O
we O
cannot O
ex O
- O
clude O
the O
possibility O
that O
CSE B-CommonName
can O
convert O
caffeoyl B-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
into O
other O
phenolic B-Compound
compounds O
in O
vivo O
. O

In O
Arabidopsis B-Species
knat1 B-CommonName
and O
stm B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
expression O
of O
SWNs B-CommonName
is O
strongly O
diminished O
( O
Liebsch O
et O
al O
. O

According O
to O
the O
genome O
information O
of O
each O
species O
, O
and O
we O
constructed O
a O
chromosomal O
location O
map O
( O
Fig O
. O

1 O
) O
utilized O
Ptr O
protein O
sequence O
data O
. O

S3 O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
wort O
- O
mannin O
treatment O
inhibited O
tdTomato O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
trafficking B-Process
to O
the O
vacuole O
. O

No O
formation B-Process
of O
auxin B-Compound
- O
channels O
from O
the O
site O
of O
locally O
applied O
PISA O
was O
observed O
( O
Fig O
. O

Consistent O
with O
the O
higher O
level O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
phosphorylation B-Process
, O
a O
higher O
level O
of O
the O
active O
form O
of O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
along O
with O
PdMPK3 B-CommonName
was O
detected O
in O
the O
plants O
grown O
in O
the O
glasshouse O
than O
in O
those O
grown O
in O
the O
phytotron O
( O
Figure O
5F O
) O
. O

This O
convention O
entails O
using O
pre O
- O
existing O
names O
from O
A B-Species
. I-Species

It O
interacts O
with O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
other O
wall B-Compound
polymers O
to O
form O
a O
load O
- O
bearing O
network O
. O

thaliana I-Species
( O
AtmiR319 B-CommonName
) O
and O
the O
putative O
target O
site O
in O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
. O

The O
triple O
response O
assay O
was O
performed O
with O
three O
homozygous O
lines O
. O

TBL34 B-CommonName
and O
TBL35 B-CommonName
fused O
with O
YFP O
were O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
the O
CFP O
- O
tagged O
Golgi O
marker O
FRA8 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
leaf B-Location
protoplasts O
and O
their O
fl O
uorescent O
signals O
were O
examined O
with O
a O
laser O
confocal O
microscope O
. O

These O
studies O
further O
support O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
b B-Compound
- I-Compound
1 I-Compound
, I-Compound
4 I-Compound
- I-Compound
glucan I-Compound
polymers O
that O
can O
integrate O
into O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

Shiu O
SH O
, O
Bleecker O
AB O
( O
2001 O
) O
Receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
kinases I-CommonName
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
form O
a O
mono O
- O
phyletic O
gene O
family O
related O
to O
animal O
receptor B-CommonName
kinases I-CommonName
. O

Over O
85 O
% O
of O
the O
AS O
events O
occurred O
in O
the O
transcript O
isoforms O
with O
expression O
ratios O
of O
0 O
. O
1 O
~ O
1 O
. O
0 O
compared O
to O
the O
major O
transcript O
of O
a O
same O
gene O
( O
Additional O
file O
4 O
) O
. O

Most O
genes O
encoding O
arabinogalactan O
proteins O
( O
AGPs B-CommonName
) O
in O
roots B-Location
were O
down O
- O
regulated O
and O
grouped O
in O
cluster O
I O
. O

The O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectra O
of O
the O
compounds O
are O
similar O
to O
that O
of O
caffeate O
3 O
- O
O O
- O
hexoside O
( O
47 O
) O
. O

Heartwood B-Compound
Formation B-Process
in O
Kurile B-Species
Larch I-Species
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
February O
2020 O
| O
Volume O
10 O
| O
Article O
1701 O
3 O
Preliminary O
tests O
were O
carried O
out O
prior O
to O
the O
IR O
imaging O
. O

Further O
understanding O
of O
lignin B-Compound
production O
in O
specific O
cultivars O
will O
provide O
a O
basis O
for O
modification B-Process
of O
genomes O
for O
the O
production O
of O
phenotypes O
with O
improved O
processing O
characteristics O
. O

While O
some O
of O
these O
effects O
are O
related O
to O
TA B-Compound
ability O
to O
inhibit O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
, O
there O
are O
some O
indi O
- O
cations O
that O
TA B-Compound
may O
also O
have O
additional O
effects O
( O
King O
et O
al O
. O

The O
transformed O
yeast O
cells O
were O
grown O
on O
SD O
/ O
- O
Trp O
/ O
- O
Ade O
plates O
and O
subjected O
to O
- O
galactosidase O
activity O
assay O
( O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

Chen O
A O
, O
Chen O
D O
, O
Chen O
Y O
. O

( O
This O
figure O
is O
available O
in O
colour O
at O
JXB O
online O
. O
) O
Anchoring O
of O
lignin B-Compound
- O
related O
oxidative O
enzymes O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
| O
1857 O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
environments O
of O
inducible O
protoxylem B-Location
TEs I-Location
. O

Progress O
in O
the O
biological O
synthesis B-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
: O
new O
ideas O
for O
improving O
biomass O
for O
bioenergy O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
12 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
6 O
. O

It O
may O
also O
be O
enmeshed O
in O
the O
abundant O
cellulose B-Compound
microfibrils O
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
as O
it O
remained O
immobile O
after O
removal O
of O
both O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
. O

We O
found O
two O
members O
of O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
gene O
family O
in O
recently O
completed O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Relative O
expression O
levels O
were O
determined O
by O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
10 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
seedlings O
. O

When O
the O
prepared O
wood B-Compound
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
treated O
with O
a O
cellulase O
mixture O
, O
all O
of O
the O
examined O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgenic O
samples O
displayed O
50 O
% O
- O
62 O
% O
more O
weight O
loss O
than O
the O
controls O
, O
indicative O
of O
the O
release O
of O
more O
simple O
sugars O
and O
a O
higher O
degree O
of O
digestibility O
( O
Fig O
. O

Planta O
227 O
: O
1363 O
- O
1375 O
Meents O
MJ O
, O
Watanabe O
Y O
, O
Samuels O
AL O
( O
2018 O
) O
The O
cell O
biology O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

( O
A O
) O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
B1 I-CommonName
direct O
target O
TF O
genes O
. O

Possibly O
, O
LpCCR2 B-CommonName
is O
not O
active O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
as O
it O
contains O
a O
chloroplast O
localisation O
signal O
( O
Table O
S4 O
) O
. O

The O
mixed O
culture O
was O
in O
fi O
ltrated O
into O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Epistasis O
and O
quantitative O
traits O
: O
using O
model O
organisms O
to O
study O
gene O
- O
gene O
interactions O
. O

Internode O
number O
starts O
from O
stem B-Location
- O
base O
of O
a O
~ O
16 O
- O
week O
old O
Coker315 O
- O
11 O
cotton B-Species
plant O
. O

The O
sgRNAs O
downstream O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Considerable O
GUS O
expression O
remained O
in O
the O
cortex B-Location
and O
pith B-Location
. O

MS O
/ O
MS O
analysis O
and O
isotope O
analysis O
performed O
by O
using O
an O
Orbitrap O
mass O
spectrometer O
coupled O
with O
the O
picoPPESI O
system O
in O
negative O
ion O
mode O
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
infertile O
phenotype O
of O
the O
mtirx1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
mutant O
may O
be O
due O
to O
defective O
anther B-Location
dehiscence B-Process
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
association O
between O
XVP B-CommonName
and O
PXY B-CommonName
was O
observed O
only O
in O
BiFC O
experiment O
( O
Fig O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
93 O
: O
12094 O
- O
12097 O
. O

Principal O
component O
analysis O
( O
PCA O
) O
revealed O
that O
the O
transcripts O
in O
internodes B-Location
were O
significantly O
different O
between O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
mutant O
, O
while O
those O
in O
leaves B-Location
were O
only O
slightly O
different O
( O
Figure O
S2A O
) O
. O

The O
three O
boxes O
represent O
gene O
modules O
, O
while O
nodes O
found O
in O
the O
modules O
represent O
genes O
. O

GhTIE1 B-CommonName
regulates O
branching O
through O
modulating O
the O
transcriptional O
activity O
of O
TCPs B-CommonName
in O
cotton B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
sieve B-Location
tube I-Location
can O
transport O
nutri O
- O
ents O
efficiently O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Intron O
- O
mediated O
alternative O
splicing O
of O
WOOD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ASSOCIATED I-CommonName
NAC I-CommonName
TRANSCRIPTION I-CommonName
FACTOR1B I-CommonName
regulates O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
during O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
species O
. O

Cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
gene O
expression O
sets O
were O
compared O
by O
reference O
to O
the O
closest O
arabidopsis B-Species
homolog O
for O
each O
cotton B-Species
gene O
. O

Based O
on O
phloroglucinol O
HCl O
staining O
it O
is O
evident O
that O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
dominant O
repression O
had O
a O
profound O
impact O
on O
the O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
and O
a O
mod O
- O
erate O
to O
a O
minimal O
effect O
on O
the O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
- I-Process
cation I-Process
. O

However O
, O
in O
this O
case O
it O
is O
not O
clear O
whether O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
secreted O
CW O
material O
is O
due O
to O
an O
increase O
of O
the O
exocytosis B-Process
rate O
or O
to O
uncoupling O
of O
exocytosis B-Process
( O
that O
otherwise O
remains O
the O
same O
) O
from O
growth B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
, O
both O
in O
Populus B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
root B-Location
length O
was O
reduced O
after O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
treatment O
because O
of O
fewer O
cells O
in O
the O
root B-Location
dividing I-Location
zone I-Location
, O
suggesting O
that O
inhibition O
on O
the O
RAM B-Location
activity O
occurred O
. O

When O
these O
plants O
are O
exposed O
to O
a O
glucocorticoid O
hormone O
such O
as O
dexametha O
- O
sone O
, O
cells O
are O
induced O
to O
become O
protoxylem B-Location
- I-Location
like I-Location
tracheary I-Location
elements I-Location
( O
13 O
) O
. O

Differentially O
expressed O
transcription O
factors O
and O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
genes O
were O
analyzed O
using O
STRING O
. O

We O
found O
that O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
could O
interact O
with O
P5a O
that O
contains O
the O
original O
VuNAR1BM B-CommonName
. O

Three O
outliers O
( O
Spots O
6110 O
, O
6348 O
and O
6625 O
) O
that O
showed O
a O
lower O
experimental O
than O
theoretical O
M O
r O
were O
excluded O
from O
the O
linear O
regression O
analysis O
. O

NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
belong O
to O
a O
large O
protein O
superfamily O
( O
21 O
, O
25 O
) O
. O

KOR B-CommonName
belongs O
to O
the O
GH9A B-CommonName
subclass O
, O
which O
contains O
an O
N O
- O
terminal O
cytosolic O
tail O
, O
a O
transmembrane O
domain O
and O
a O
catalytic O
domain O
facing O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Urbanowicz O
et O
al O
. O

By O
contrast O
, O
the O
transcrip O
- O
tional O
regulation O
of O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
is O
not O
well O
defined O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Pathway O
enrichment O
of O
down O
regulated O
genes O
( O
left O
) O
and O
up O
regulated O
genes O
( O
right O
) O
. O

BMC O
Genomics O
16 O
: O
488 O
Sivriver O
J O
, O
Habib O
N O
, O
Friedman O
N O
( O
2011 O
) O
An O
integrative O
clustering O
and O
modeling O
algorithm O
for O
dynamical O
gene O
expression O
data O
. O

We O
found O
that O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
genes O
were O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
the O
CSILs O
at O
15 O
DPA O
- O
25 O
DPA O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Mature B-Location
G I-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
showing O
differential O
labelling O
with O
LM5 O
. O

Cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
growth B-Process
in O
planta O
and O
in O
vitro O
. O

5 O
M O
and O
N O
) O
, O
and O
lignification B-Process
of O
the O
IF O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
was O
similarly O
delayed O
( O
Fig O
. O

S8 O
Seventy O
percent O
of O
genes O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
xylan B-Compound
modification B-Process
were O
found O
to O
have O
at O
least O
one O
trans O
- O
eQTL O
affecting O
its O
expression O
. O

conducted O
the O
major O
analyses O
in O
this O
work O
; O
Z O
. O
X O
. O

The O
expression O
level O
in O
region O
2 O
was O
defined O
as O
1 O
. O
00 O
. O

The O
GC O
program O
and O
acquisition O
parameters O
are O
listed O
below O
in O
Table O
S3 O
. O

Glucose B-Compound
content O
is O
reduced O
in O
ccr1g B-CommonName
and O
in O
ccc O
that O
is O
likely O
due O
to O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
default O
. O

Effect O
of O
DIM1 B-CommonName
on O
lignin B-Compound
composition O
The O
aforementioned O
changes O
in O
the O
plant O
phenotype O
and O
in O
the O
structure O
of O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
in O
DIMRNAi O
prompted O
us O
to O
investigate O
the O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
Fig O
. O

2002 O
; O
Bomati O
& O
Noel O
2005 O
; O
Youn O
et O
al O
. O

Briefly O
, O
PE O
fractions O
were O
hydrolyzed O
with O
2 O
M O
trifluoroacetic O
acid O
( O
TFA O
) O
at O
120 O
deg O
C O
for O
1 O
. O
5 O
h O
. O

Competing O
interests O
: O
The O
authors O
declare O
no O
competing O
interests O
. O

The O
increased O
diameter O
( O
Figure O
4d O
, O
e O
, O
i O
, O
j O
) O
in O
this O
line O
suggested O
the O
single O
FLcDNA O
insert O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
positively O
affects O
diameter O
growth B-Process
. O

The O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
of O
the O
cesa6 B-CommonName
prc1 O
- O
1 O
mutant O
was O
reduced O
compared O
with O
Col O
- O
0 O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Leaf B-Location
areas O
from O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

First O
, O
reads O
with O
less O
than O
10 O
counts O
in O
at O
least O
one O
library O
were O
excluded O
from O
the O
dataset O
. O

Ganapathi O
, O
Cloning O
and O
functional O
characterization O
of O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
using O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
plants O
, O
Transgenic O
Res O
. O

Representative O
LC O
- O
MS O
chromatograms O
from O
PvHCT2a B-CommonName
in O
vitro O
activity O
assays O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
GMD O
@ O
CSB O
. O
DB O
: O
the O
golm O
metabolome O
database O
. O

ROPs B-CommonName
, O
Rho B-CommonName
of I-CommonName
plant I-CommonName
GTPases I-CommonName
, O
are O
widely O
involved O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
patterning B-Process
in O
plants O
, O
yet O
the O
molecular O
mechanism O
underlying O
their O
action O
remains O
unknown O
. O

We O
also O
constructed O
a O
complementation O
vector O
carrying O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
and O
introduced O
into O
the O
nst1nst3 O
double O
mutant O
, O
which O
was O
pendent O
due O
to O
loss O
of O
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
of O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
of O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
( O
Mitsuda O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2007 O
) O
. O

List O
of O
CAZyme B-CommonName
genes O
with O
documented O
and O
likely O
functions O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
modification B-Process
, O
and O
in O
starch B-Compound
and O
sugar O
metabolism B-Process
. O

( O
1982 O
) O
Agrobacterium O
rhizogenes O
inserts O
T O
- O
DNA O
into O
the O
genomes O
of O
the O
host O
plant O
root B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
red O
, O
blue O
and O
green O
backgrounds O
highlight O
the O
three O
subfamilies O
. O

E O
- O
mail O
addresses O
: O
gaiying O
@ O
bjfu O
. O
edu O
. O
cn O
( O
Y O
. O

BMC O
Genom O
9 O
: O
118 O
Innan O
H O
, O
Kondrashov O
F O
( O
2010 O
) O
The O
evolution O
of O
gene O
duplications O
: O
classifying O
and O
distinguishing O
between O
models O
. O

Since O
IRX8 B-CommonName
and O
PARVUS B-CommonName
are O
apparently O
involved O
in O
forming O
the O
reducing O
- O
end O
structure O
, O
our O
findings O
raise O
the O
possibility O
that O
rice B-Species
also O
has O
the O
reducing O
- O
end O
structure O
. O

2012 O
) O
and O
TargetFinder O
( O
Bo O
and O
Wang O
2005 O
) O
software O
. O

To O
further O
know O
if O
lignin B-Compound
level O
in O
pollen B-Location
was O
reduced O
, O
inflorescences B-Location
from O
wild O
type O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
collected O
and O
stained O
with O
phlor O
- O
oglucinol O
- O
HCl O
. O

Here O
we O
follow O
heartwood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Larix B-Species
gmelinii I-Species
var O
. O

Protein O
sequence O
for O
alignment O
with O
Arabidopsis B-Species
DUF579 B-CommonName
proteins O
were O
deduced O
using O
the O
ClustalW O
method O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
ebi O
. O
ac O
. O
uk O
/ O
Tools O
/ O
msa O
/ O
clustalw2 O
) O
. O

Results O
from O
this O
analysis O
show O
that O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
expression O
from O
clusters O
10 O
, O
11 O
and O
13 O
were O
highly O
correlated O
with O
the O
rate O
of O
gravibending O
but O
not O
normalized O
lift O
( O
Table O
S3 O
) O
and O
suggests O
that O
a O
subset O
of O
genes O
( O
385 O
, O
511 O
, O
529 O
genes O
respectively O
) O
may O
be O
directly O
involved O
in O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Asymmetric B-CommonName
Leaves2 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Like19 I-CommonName
/ O
Lateral B-CommonName
Organ I-CommonName
Boundaries I-CommonName
Domain30 I-CommonName
and O
ASL20 B-CommonName
/ O
LBD18 B-CommonName
regulate O
tracheary B-Location
element I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

See O
Figure O
5 O
for O
additional O
details O
. O
Figure O
S5 O
. O

S4 O
Phylogram O
representing O
a O
maximum O
likelihood O
analysis O
of O
DUF231 B-CommonName
/ O
TBL B-CommonName
proteins O
from O
clade O
IV O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
Eucalyptus B-Species
and O
Populus B-Species
coupled O
with O
relative O
and O
absolute O
per O
- O
centile O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
and O
leaf B-Location
, O
and O
domain O
structure O
. O

De O
novo O
transcript O
sequence O
reconstruction O
from O
RNA O
- O
seq O
using O
the O
Trinity O
platform O
for O
reference O
generation O
and O
analysis O
. O

3B O
) O
, O
and O
the O
expression O
of O
these O
PCD B-Process
- O
executing O
gene O
homologs O
either O
was O
not O
detected O
or O
was O
detected O
at O
much O
lower O
levels O
than O
in O
74LH3213 O
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Protein O
domain O
modification B-Process
caused O
by O
AS O
One O
of O
the O
major O
effects O
of O
AS O
is O
to O
create O
protein O
isoforms O
that O
increase O
proteome O
diversity O
[ O
5 O
, O
34 O
] O
. O

Probe O
sequence O
is O
unique O
to O
the O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
locus O
, O
and O
resulted O
in O
a O
single O
hit O
when O
used O
as O
a O
quarry O
to O
BLAST O
the O
Brachypodium B-Species
genome O
. O

There O
were O
two O
minor O
peaks O
at O
fractions O
54 O
and O
64 O
( O
V O
t O
) O
corresponded O
to O
Xyl B-Compound
3 O
and O
Xyl B-Compound
1 O
respectively O
. O

This O
may O
have O
an O
effect O
on O
the O
total O
photosynthetic O
area O
of O
RNAi O
trees O
and O
, O
in O
turn O
, O
reduce O
the O
amount O
of O
carbon O
available O
for O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Sections O
of O
10 O
u O
m O
thickness O
were O
used O
. O

( O
1996 O
) O
Regression O
shrinkage O
and O
selection O
via O
the O
LASSO O
. O

The O
resultant O
plasmid O
was O
introduced O
into O
Agrobacterium O
tumefaciens O
strain O
GV3101 O
by O
electroporation O
. O

Genes O
putatively O
related O
to O
latewood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Following O
conventional O
chemical O
fixation O
, O
samples O
were O
embedded O
in O
LR O
White O
35 O
. O

Highest O
expression O
was O
observed O
in O
Line O
# O
8 O
, O
followed O
by O
Lines O
# O
11 O
and O
# O
3 O
and O
Line O
# O
24 O
, O
which O
showed O
the O
lowest O
level O
of O
expression O
. O

These O
fi O
ndings O
strongly O
suggested O
that O
an O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
is O
either O
localized O
or O
locally O
activated O
at O
the O
sites O
of O
Casparian B-Location
strip I-Location
formation B-Process
. O

4 O
) O
, O
which O
was O
consistent O
with O
the O
results O
of O
a O
previous O
study O
( O
Iwase O
et O
al O
. O

( O
d O
- O
f O
) O
Cross O
- O
sections O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
bases O
identi O
fi O
ed O
by O
lignin B-Compound
auto O
fl O
uorescence O
, O
showing O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
transcript O
abundance O
of O
TaCesA1A B-CommonName
was O
highest O
in O
the O
grain B-Location
tissues I-Location
at O
2DAAs O
whereas O
TaCesA6B B-CommonName
homo O
- O
eolog O
was O
moderately O
expressed O
. O

Composition O
of O
the O
aliphatic O
components O
of O
suberin B-Compound
of O
the O
endodermal B-Location
fraction O
from O
the O
first O
internode B-Location
of O
etiolated O
Sorghum B-Species
seedlings O
. O

The O
transcript O
was O
detected O
in O
all O
the O
lines O
and O
the O
highest O
level O
of O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
transcript O
was O
detected O
in O
line O
3 O
( O
Fig O
. O

Transcription O
factors O
were O
identified O
as O
those O
annotated O
with O
the O
molecular O
function O
" O
sequence O
- O
specific O
DNA O
binding O
" O
( O
GO O
: O
0003700 O
) O
. O

In O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
) O
, O
MYB75 B-CommonName
and O
the O
KNOX B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
form O
functional O
complexes O
to O
regulate O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
. O

Mock O
and O
treated O
seedlings O
were O
imaged O
using O
identical O
microscope O
settings O
. O

b O
The O
Secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
PtrCesA3D B-CommonName
suppression O
. O

At O
this O
concentration O
, O
uracil O
does O
not O
support O
growth B-Process
of O
C B-Species
. I-Species

These O
results O
revealed O
the O
evolution O
of O
PALs B-CommonName
in O
five O
Rosaceae O
plants O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Exploring O
valid O
reference O
genes O
for O
gene O
expression O
studies O
in O
Brachypodium B-Species
dis I-Species
- I-Species
tachyon I-Species
by O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Bilateral O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
symmetry O
- O
how O
, O
when O
and O
why O
? O
Curr O
. O

3 O
Differential O
expression O
of O
the O
maize B-Species
B73 O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
gene O
family O
members O
during O
stem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Channels O
developed O
from O
the O
external O
sources O
of O
auxin B-Compound
and O
connected O
with O
pre O
- O
existing O
vasculature B-Location
( O
inset O
, O
green O
outline O
and O
scheme O
) O
. O

Histochemical O
observations O
of O
sections O
performed O
at O
5 O
cm O
from O
root B-Location
apex I-Location
displaying O
a O
strong O
EgCCR1 B-CommonName
down O
- O
regulation O
showed O
that O
xylem B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
reacted O
faintly O
to O
phloroglucinol O
staining O
as O
compared O
to O
roots B-Location
transformed O
with O
an O
empty O
vector O
( O
Figure O
7a O
, O
b O
) O
, O
which O
appeared O
strongly O
stained O
in O
red O
. O

Conservation O
of O
AS O
in O
Populus B-Species
and O
Eucalyptus B-Species
By O
comparing O
AS O
profiles O
in O
Populus B-Species
and O
Eucalyptus B-Species
, O
this O
study O
provides O
a O
sketch O
of O
AS O
events O
conserved O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
tissue O
. O

Dimeric O
plant O
RhoGAPs B-CommonName
are O
regulated O
by O
its O
CRIB O
effector O
motif O
to O
stimulate O
a O
sequential O
GTP O
hydrolysis B-Process
. O

Hubs O
are O
indicated O
by O
orange O
fi O
lling O
. O

Individual O
trees O
of O
specialized O
breeding O
populations O
could O
be O
efficiently O
QTL O
mapped O
by O
analyzing O
the O
performance O
of O
their O
offspring O
, O
both O
full O
- O
sibs O
and O
half O
- O
sibs O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Protease O
protection O
assay O
using O
microsomes O
prepared O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
callus B-Location
expressing O
the O
STL1 B-CommonName
- O
myc O
protein O
. O

In O
B O
, O
only O
the O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
is O
shown O
. O

JFW15 O
produces O
a O
non O
- O
spinnable O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
that O
has O
poor O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
length O
( O
16 O
. O
4 O
vs O
. O

However O
, O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
grasses O
does O
not O
show O
the O
same O
type O
of O
sensitivity O
( O
39 O
) O
, O
and O
it O
is O
unclear O
to O
what O
degree O
SCW B-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
is O
af O
- O
fected O
by O
the O
inhibitor O
. O

2002 O
; O
Yang O
& O
Wyman O
2004 O
; O
Weng O
et O
al O
. O

F O
, O
interfascicular B-Location
fibre I-Location
; O
X O
, O
xylem B-Location
; O
bar O
= O
51 O
u O
m O
and O
bar O
= O
100 O
u O
m O
. O

Song O
D O
, O
Sun O
J O
, O
Li O
L O
. O

All O
authors O
have O
read O
and O
approved O
the O
final O
manuscript O
. O

Populus B-Species
GXM B-CommonName
genes O
were O
named O
according O
to O
a O
previous O
study O
( O
Yuan O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
A O
robust O
chromatin O
immunoprecipitation O
protocol O
for O
studying O
transcription O
factor O
- O
DNA O
interactions O
and O
histone O
modifications O
in O
wood B-Compound
- O
forming O
tissue O
. O

6 O
) O
, O
indicating O
the O
salt O
diVused O
through O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
more O
freely O
. O

Methods O
for O
Hemp B-Species
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Characterization O
were O
collected O
, O
diluted O
10x O
and O
stored O
for O
further O
analysis O
. O

Various O
hypotheses O
have O
been O
put O
forward O
to O
explain O
why O
reduction O
in O
lignin B-Compound
content O
often O
appears O
to O
enhance O
rather O
than O
reduce O
plant O
disease O
resistance O
( O
7 O
, O
8 O
) O
; O
these O
include O
antimicrobial O
activity O
of O
lignin B-Compound
pathway O
intermediates O
( O
42 O
) O
and O
release O
of O
elicitor O
- O
active O
mole O
- O
cules O
from O
incorrectly O
assembled O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
43 O
) O
. O

Differentiation B-Process
of O
xylem B-Location
fibers I-Location
, O
marking O
transition B-Process
from O
phase O
I O
into O
phase O
II O
of O
xylem B-Location
expansion B-Process
at O
the O
hypocotyl B-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
occurs O
earlier O
in O
the O
two O
evr B-CommonName
mutant O
alleles O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
21 O
: O
3518 O
- O
3534 O
Harrington O
GN O
, O
Bush O
DR O
( O
2003 O
) O
The O
bifunctional O
role O
of O
hexokinase B-CommonName
in O
metabolism B-Process
and O
glucose B-Compound
signaling O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymers O
in O
reaction B-Compound
wood I-Compound
. O

Analysis O
of O
an O
Arabidopsis B-Species
pgsip1 B-CommonName
mutant O
. O

Background O
Next O
Generation O
Sequencing O
( O
NGS O
) O
is O
quickly O
becoming O
the O
standard O
for O
the O
generation O
of O
cheap O
, O
accurate O
and O
high O
throughput O
DNA O
sequence O
data O
[ O
1 O
] O
. O

These O
steps O
were O
achieved O
using O
to O
the O
EBImage O
R O
package O
( O
Pau O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

Asterisks O
show O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
arrows O
show O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

5 O
Cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
modules O
are O
correlated O
with O
wood B-Compound
phenotypic O
traits O
. O

Aliquots O
of O
purified O
protein O
were O
snap O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
, O
for O
subsequent O
use O
, O
thawed O
in O
a O
water O
bath O
at O
room O
temperature O
. O

A O
lower O
tracheid B-Location
number O
and O
their O
reduced O
diameter O
resulted O
directly O
in O
higher O
wood B-Location
tissue I-Location
density O
in O
all O
transgenic O
pad4 B-CommonName
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Inp O
: O
Input O
; O
F O
- O
T O
: O
flow O
through O
; O
W O
: O
wash O
; O
E O
: O
elution O
. O

( O
1997 O
) O
DNAzol O
: O
a O
reagent O
for O
the O
rapid O
isolation O
of O
genomic O
DNA O
. O

MATERIALS O
AND O
METHODS O
Plant O
materials O
Because O
of O
the O
content O
of O
oleoresin B-Compound
was O
different O
between O
individuals O
, O
and O
influenced O
by O
the O
meteorological O
factors O
. O

Seeds O
of O
GVG O
: O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
( O
lines O
no O
. O

The O
signal O
intensities O
corresponding O
to O
tricin B-Compound
in O
the O
framed O
areas O
are O
amplified O
at O
twice O
the O
intensity O
. O

tricho O
- O
carpa O
version O
2 O
. O
2 O
using O
Bowtie O
and O
Tophat O
. O

154 O
, O
2015 O
403 O
In O
a O
similar O
way O
, O
Shigeto O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2019 O
) O
The O
companion O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
confers O
salt B-Process
tolerance I-Process
through O
a O
Tau O
- O
like O
mechanism O
in O
plants O
. O

To O
our O
surprise O
, O
we O
observed O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
delay O
in O
diffusion O
barrier O
formation B-Process
when O
PER64 B-CommonName
amiRNA O
was O
induced O
in O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
background O
. O

Over O
- O
expression O
of O
a O
subgroup O
4 O
R2R3 B-CommonName
type I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
gene O
from O
Leucaena B-Species
leucocephala I-Species
reduces O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
. O

Bars O
= O
10cm O
The O
pattern O
of O
vasculature B-Location
( O
clearly O
visible O
from O
the O
Evans O
blue O
staining O
of O
dead O
vascular O
TEs O
) O
did O
not O
appear O
to O
clearly O
difer O
between O
the O
genotypes O
and O
the O
apparently O
normal O
growth B-Process
of O
all O
mutants O
suggest O
normal O
vascular O
development B-Process
, O
at O
least O
in O
optimal O
growth B-Process
conditions O
. O

Wounding O
was O
performed O
in O
the O
basal O
part O
of O
the O
stems B-Location
, O
which O
were O
stimulated O
mechanically O
to O
obtain O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
[ O
13 O
] O
( O
Fig O
. O

This O
expression O
pattern O
was O
retained O
in O
the O
more O
mature B-Location
stem I-Location
regions O
, O
where O
GUS O
stain O
- O
ing O
was O
also O
detected O
in O
the O
differentiating B-Location
interfascicular I-Location
fi I-Location
bres I-Location
( O
Figure O
1e O
- O
h O
) O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
these O
results O
suggest O
that O
the O
inferior O
mechanical O
strength O
observed O
in O
bc14 B-CommonName
is O
the O
result O
of O
the O
reduced O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
and O
abnormal O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Brie O
fl O
y O
, O
1 O
. O
5 O
mg O
of O
senesced O
ground O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
was O
incubated O
with O
100 O
lL O
of O
freshly O
made O
acetyl O
bromide O
solution O
( O
25 O
% O
v O
/ O
v O
acetyl O
bromide O
in O
glacial O
acetic O
acid O
) O
and O
incubated O
at O
50 O
deg O
C O
for O
2 O
h O
followed O
by O
an O
addi O
- O
tional O
hour O
of O
incubation O
with O
vortexing O
every O
15 O
min O
. O

MYB6 B-CommonName
regulated O
positively O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
anthocyanin B-Compound
and O
PA B-Compound
in O
poplar B-Species
To O
explore O
the O
biological O
function O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
, O
its O
ORF O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
Cauli O
fl O
ower O
mosaic O
virus O
( O
CaMV O
) O
35S O
promoter O
was O
introduced O
into O
P B-Species
. I-Species

In O
Pooideae B-Species
, O
the O
COMT B-CommonName
family O
not O
only O
expanded O
to O
form O
additional O
clades O
II O
and O
III O
, O
but O
also O
expanded O
within O
clade O
I O
. O

Mechanical O
strength O
was O
calculated O
using O
the O
modulus O
of O
rupture O
( O
MOR O
) O
in O
bending O
according O
to O
a O
described O
method O
( O
Kern O
et O
al O
. O

A O
mutation O
in O
SbCOMT1 B-CommonName
or O
ZmCOMT1 B-CommonName
has O
indeed O
led O
to O
incorporation O
of O
unusual O
5 O
- O
hydroxyguaiacyl O
units O
in O
lignin B-Compound
, O
as O
no O
other O
paralogues O
were O
able O
to O
ef O
fi O
ciently O
synthesise B-Process
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
mobil O
- O
ity O
of O
both O
proteins O
was O
always O
higher O
in O
the O
primary B-Compound
than I-Compound
the I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
although O
the O
sec O
- O
mCHERRY O
control O
was O
more O
mobile O
than O
LAC4 B-CommonName
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
environment O
. O

Images O
captured O
at O
94 O
magni O
fi O
cation O
were O
used O
for O
area O
measurements O
by O
freehand O
tracing O
of O
a O
perimeter O
in O
ImageJ O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Matos O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

All O
of O
the O
WRKY B-CommonName
genes O
identified O
in O
stem B-Location
samples O
were O
up O
- O
regulated O
, O
with O
significant O
up O
- O
regulation O
of O
WRKY B-CommonName
17 I-CommonName
and O
75 O
in O
mature B-Location
xylem I-Location
( O
PS3 O
) O
; O
suggesting O
their O
role O
in O
the O
late O
phase O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
. O

To O
improve O
the O
understanding O
of O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
we O
performed O
a O
comparative O
analysis O
of O
co O
- O
expression O
networks O
between O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
as O
reference O
species O
with O
different O
wall O
types O
. O

This O
phenotype O
was O
Figure O
1 O
Enhanced O
growth B-Process
of O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
. O

PER36_Xero2_rev O
CGTTATTCACTTCTTTTGCACTCCG O
TBA2p_for O
GGGGACAACTTTGTATAGAAAAGTTG O
gttttgtgttccctacatc O
Amplify O
the O
TBA2 B-CommonName
promoter O
sequence O
( O
1 O
, O
346 O
bp O
) O
. O

A O
mechanistic O
understanding O
of O
strigolactone O
syn O
- O
thesis O
and O
signaling O
particularly O
in O
Striga O
could O
open O
avenues O
for O
pest O
control O
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
Networks O
in O
Wood B-Compound
Formation B-Process
of O
sequences O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
in O
Felten O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
the O
underlying O
mechanisms O
were O
not O
clear O
. O

2011 O
) O
, O
and O
relatively O
few O
have O
been O
conducted O
on O
woody O
plant O
species O
( O
Lepl O
e O
et O
al O
. O

Therefore O
, O
when O
calculated O
on O
the O
basis O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
content O
, O
the O
total O
thioacidolysis O
yield O
Figure O
4 O
. O

A O
network O
was O
built O
for O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
- O
related O
DEmiRNAs O
, O
their O
target O
genes O
and O
orthologous O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

EXPANSINS B-CommonName
( O
EXP O
) O
genes O
were O
also O
shown O
to O
be O
regulated O
by O
BRs B-Compound
( O
Nemhauser O
et O
al O
. O

27902 O
AS O
events O
were O
documented O
and O
most O
of O
these O
events O
were O
not O
conserved O
across O
individuals O
. O

Pathway O
enrichment O
analysis O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
in O
garlic B-Species
samples O
under O
salt O
stress O
. O

However O
, O
this O
group O
possessed O
motifs O
that O
were O
only O
conserved O
in O
the O
orthologs O
from O
monocots O
( O
grasses O
) O
but O
not O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

However O
, O
as O
only O
the O
overall O
areas O
of O
combined O
xylem B-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
tissues I-Location
were O
considered O
, O
it O
remains O
unclear O
what O
the O
transition O
represents O
at O
the O
cellular O
level O
. O

Putting O
the O
plant O
metabolic O
network O
pathway O
databases O
to O
work O
: O
going O
of O
fl O
ine O
to O
gain O
new O
capabilities O
. O

Exogenous O
auxin B-Compound
application O
enhances O
dual O
regulation O
of O
the O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
- O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
module O
during O
cambium B-Location
division B-Process
, O
thereby O
promoting O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

2A O
) O
and O
used O
the O
results O
to O
design O
six O
single O
- O
nucleotide O
polymorphism O
/ O
insertion O
- O
deletion O
( O
SNP O
/ O
InDel O
) O
mark O
- O
ers O
( O
Fig O
. O

Position O
of O
the O
T O
- O
DNA O
insertions O
and O
CSE B-CommonName
expression O
in O
cse B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
. O

In O
the O
Eucalyptus B-Species
woody O
model O
, O
a O
small O
number O
of O
studies O
have O
aided O
in O
our O
understanding O
of O
SCW B-Compound
regula O
- O
tion O
56 O
- O
61 O
. O

Values O
are O
the O
mean O
of O
three O
independent O
yeast O
transformations O
. O

Mutagenesis O
analyses O
showed O
that O
phosphomimic O
IIP4 B-CommonName
proteins O
translocate O
from O
the O
nucleus O
to O
the O
cytoplasm O
, O
which O
releases O
interacting O
NACs B-CommonName
and O
attenuates O
its O
repression O
function O
. O

Microsomes O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stem B-Location
, O
Asparagus B-Species
spear B-Location
and O
etiolated O
barley B-Species
seedlings O
were O
isolated O
and O
the O
XylT B-CommonName
activities O
were O
analyzed O
in O
the O
absence O
( O
- O
; O
black O
) O
and O
presence O
( O
+ O
; O
grey O
) O
of O
the O
exogenous O
acceptor O
Xyl B-Compound
6 O
according O
to O
the O
Materials O
and O
Methods O
. O

Nairn O
C O
. O
J O
. O
, O
Haselkorn O
T O
. O

Supporting O
information O
Additional O
Supporting O
Information O
may O
be O
found O
online O
in O
the O
supporting O
information O
tab O
for O
this O
article O
: O
Figure O
S1 O
Further O
investigation O
of O
the O
structure O
of O
T O
- O
DNA O
repeats O
. O

Other O
studies O
have O
indicated O
that O
PXY B-CommonName
/ O
TDR B-CommonName
is O
unlikely O
to O
be O
the O
sole O
LRR B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RLK I-CommonName
involved O
in O
this O
complex O
process O
. O

Total O
pro O
- O
teins O
( O
input O
) O
and O
proteins O
after O
immunoprecipitation O
( O
IP O
) O
were O
detected O
by O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
antibody O
( O
above O
) O
and O
anti O
- O
GFP O
antibody O
( O
below O
) O
. O

Figure O
1A O
shows O
the O
histogram O
for O
the O
distribution O
of O
the O
esti O
- O
mated O
pcor O
values O
. O

( O
b B-CommonName
) O
Alignment O
of O
PtrKOR B-CommonName
amino O
acid O
sequences O
. O

The O
distance O
from O
the O
NE2 O
atoms O
of O
the O
histi O
- O
dines O
coordinated O
to O
the O
T1 O
Cu O
( O
His O
451 O
and O
His O
519 O
) O
to O
the O
protein O
surface O
is O
more O
than O
11 O
A O
, O
which O
is O
longer O
than O
in O
most O
laccases B-CommonName
( O
Extended O
Data O
Fig O
. O

The O
process O
of O
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
lays O
down O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
that O
will O
constitute O
the O
bulk O
( O
up O
to O
96 O
% O
) O
of O
the O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
at O
maturity O
. O

Biology O
, O
chemistry O
and O
structure O
of O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
. O

Phylogenetic O
trees O
of O
selected O
CAZyme B-CommonName
families O
in O
poplar B-Species
and O
A B-Species
. I-Species

It O
is O
possible O
that O
a O
similar O
phenomenon O
occurred O
in O
our O
study O
, O
since O
the O
bulk O
of O
the O
sampled O
transgenic O
stems B-Location
comprised O
tissues O
where O
SND2 B-CommonName
is O
not O
naturally O
expressed O
. O

In O
the O
process O
of O
fiber B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thicken B-Process
- I-Process
ing I-Process
, O
the O
two O
type O
CSC O
genes O
displayed O
different O
expression O
pattern O
. O

Ectopic O
TE B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
plants O
was O
associated O
with O
ectopic O
overexpression O
of O
VND7 B-CommonName
, O
a O
master O
transcriptional O
regulator O
that O
promotes O
TE B-Location
formation B-Process
. O

The O
speci O
fi O
c O
functions O
of O
CCR B-CommonName
genes O
on O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
of O
woody O
plants O
have O
not O
been O
well O
characterized O
. O

NAC B-CommonName
- O
MYB B-CommonName
- O
based O
transcriptional O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
land O
plants O
. O

Further O
studies O
with O
this O
lac B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
case I-CommonName
mutant O
will O
provide O
valuable O
information O
about O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
planta O
. O

All O
experiments O
were O
performed O
at O
least O
three O
times O
. O

AUTHOR O
CONTRIBUTIONS O
Conceived O
and O
designed O
the O
experiments O
: O
DS O
, O
LL O
. O

Functional O
classi O
fi O
cation O
of O
upregulated O
genes O
Each O
gene O
upregulated O
by O
TA B-Compound
( O
twofold O
or O
more O
) O
or O
by O
IXB B-Compound
( O
1 O
. O
5 O
- O
fold O
or O
more O
) O
was O
assigned O
a O
functional O
category O
based O
on O
the O
known O
or O
putative O
function O
of O
its O
protein O
using O
TAIR O
GO O
annotations O
and O
functional O
categorization O
tools O
( O
Berardini O
et O
al O
. O

( O
e O
, O
f O
) O
Real O
- O
time O
PCR O
analysis O
showing O
overexpression O
of O
the O
XVP B-CommonName
gene O
in O
transgenic O
lines O
OX5 O
( O
e O
) O
and O
OX11 O
( O
f O
) O
. O

truncatula I-Species
and O
Glycine O
max O
have O
been O
sequenced O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
PtrMYB152 B-CommonName
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
is O
about O
18 O
times O
of O
that O
in O
phloem B-Location
. O

0 O
. O
1 O
g O
whole O
seeds B-Location
of O
A O
. O

The O
values O
under O
mock O
treatment O
were O
normalized O
to O
1 O
. O

An O
earlier O
developmental O
stage O
is O
shown O
for O
comparison O
in O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
Figure O
S5 O
: O
MixOmics O
network O
threshold O
selection O
. O

Single O
e O
ff O
ects O
for O
each O
associated O
SNP O
ranged O
from O
0 O
to O
8 O
. O
41 O
% O
and O
pairwise O
e O
ff O
ects O
from O
0 O
. O
03 O
to O
9 O
. O
70 O
% O
. O

In O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
lew2 B-CommonName
mutant O
, O
which O
has O
a O
defect O
in O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
gene O
AtCesA8 B-CommonName
, O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
are O
collapsed O
and O
water O
transport O
is O
impeded O
, O
resulting O
in O
wilting B-Process
. O

Data O
are O
from O
4 O
seedlings O
and O
2 O
high O
- O
pressure O
freezing O
experiments O
. O

Synchrotron O
FT O
- O
IR O
imaging O
further O
veri O
fi O
ed O
that O
the O
polysaccharide O
level O
in O
the O
developing O
xylem B-Location
of O
the O
stem B-Location
cross O
- O
section O
of O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgenics O
was O
substantially O
higher O
than O
that O
of O
the O
controls O
, O
whereas O
the O
level O
of O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
the O
same O
developing O
wood B-Compound
tissues O
was O
lower O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

The O
genomic O
regions O
from O
1 O
, O
862 O
bp O
upstream O
of O
the O
stop O
codon O
to O
315 O
bp O
upstream O
of O
the O
stop O
codon O
in O
SIL O
- O
05 O
were O
sequenced O
using O
the O
same O
methods O
. O

Complete O
proteomic O
- O
based O
enzyme O
reaction O
and O
inhibition O
kinetics O
reveal O
how O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
enzyme O
families O
affect O
metabolic O
fl O
ux O
and O
lignin B-Compound
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

Superdex O
purified O
fractions O
containing O
AsFMT B-CommonName
were O
pooled O
, O
exchanged O
into O
50 O
mM O
sodium O
phosphate O
at O
pH O
7 O
. O
0 O
, O
then O
concentrated O
to O
1 O
mu O
g O
/ O
u O
L O
using O
an O
Amicon O
Ultracel O
10K O
membrane O
filter O
( O
Millipore O
) O
. O

The O
regulation O
mechanism O
of O
WRKY B-CommonName
TFs O
on O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
, O
however O
, O
remains O
unclear O
[ O
20 O
, O
27 O
] O
. O

The O
white O
dashed O
boxes O
indicate O
the O
boundary O
of O
the O
bleaching O
area O
. O

Secondary O
Walled O
Cells O
Express O
Different O
Cellulose B-CommonName
Synthases I-CommonName
219 O
Liu O
D O
, O
Zhang O
H O
( O
2008 O
) O
Gene O
cloning O
: O
exploring O
cotton B-Species
functional O
genomics O
and O
genetic O
improvement O
. O

Both O
leaf B-Location
area O
and O
chlorophyll B-Compound
content O
are O
the O
average O
value O
of O
three O
leaves B-Location
, O
which O
are O
the O
largest O
of O
the O
10th O
- O
18th O
leaves B-Location
from O
the O
top O
. O

Since O
the O
expression O
of O
a O
subset O
of O
Figure O
3 O
. O

Following O
application O
of O
trypsin O
inhibitors O
, O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
TE B-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
and O
autolysis B-Process
were O
suppressed O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Time O
course O
activation O
and O
degradation B-Process
of O
HS O
- O
induced O
FT O
RNA O
in O
tomato B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Lignin B-Compound
imparts O
waterproofness O
, O
Figure O
5 O
Transgenic O
poplars B-Species
produce O
improved O
quality O
of O
woody O
biomass O
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structural O
changes O
do O
not O
affect O
growth B-Process
and O
biomass O
production O
of O
the O
trees O
. O

Average O
of O
9 O
plants O
for O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
respectively O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
the O
reduction O
in O
FA B-Compound
content O
in O
S O
- O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

In O
our O
previous O
studies O
, O
the O
PCD B-Process
during O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
development B-Process
was O
revealed O
by O
morphological O
, O
terminal O
deoxynucleotidyl O
transferase O
biotin O
- O
dUTP O
nick O
end O
labeling O
( O
TUNEL O
) O
and O
DNA O
ladder O
analysis O
( O
Wang O
and O
Cui O
1998 O
; O
Cao O
et O
al O
. O

PeerJ O
4 O
: O
e2097 O
; O
DOI O
10 O
. O
7717 O
/ O
peerj O
. O
2097 O
INTRODUCTION O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
[ O
Cunninghamia B-Species
lanceolata I-Species
( O
Lamb O
. O
) O
Hook O
. O

Andrew O
Carroll O
for O
help O
with O
the O
confocal O
microscope O
, O
Dr O
. O

CC1DC223 B-CommonName
lacking O
the O
His O
tag O
also O
co O
- O
sedi O
- O
mented O
with O
microtubules O
, O
indicating O
that O
the O
tag O
is O
not O
affecting O
CC1 B-CommonName
' O
s O
af O
fi O
nity O
to O
the O
microtubules O
( O
Figure O
S6D O
) O
. O

' O
Eldridge O
collection O
' O
in O
Australia O
2 O
: O
wood B-Compound
properties O
. O

To O
identify O
group O
- O
specific O
changes O
in O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
, O
AA O
sequences O
from O
all O
TaCESAs B-CommonName
were O
aligned O
. O

PrMADS10 B-CommonName
has O
a O
CDS O
of O
582 O
bp O
, O
encoding O
a O
deduced O
protein O
of O
193 O
amino O
acids O
and O
22 O
kDa O
( O
pI O
9 O
. O
42 O
; O
GenBank O
accession O
number O
, O
KM887510 O
; O
Fig O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
the O
uppermost O
internode B-Location
at O
the O
heading O
stage O
, O
a O
stage O
in O
which O
culms B-Location
begin O
to O
accumulate O
lignin B-Compound
. O

Our O
data O
support O
a O
model O
of O
protoxylem B-Location
TE I-Location
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
which O
monolignols B-Compound
are O
highly O
mobile O
once O
exported O
to O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
and O
in O
which O
precise O
targeting O
of O
laccases B-CommonName
to O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
domains O
directs O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

kaempferi I-Species
, O
the O
percentage O
was O
19 O
, O
19 O
and O
16 O
% O
, O
respectively O
. O

Although O
most O
de O
novo O
assemblers O
can O
estimate O
the O
size O
of O
the O
gap O
Figure O
2 O
Monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
isoforms O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
localization O
of O
lignin B-Compound
was O
also O
determined O
by O
its O
autofluorescence O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Bioinformatic O
analysis O
of O
the O
CLE B-CommonName
signaling O
peptide O
family O
. O

The O
expression O
abundance O
of O
the O
miRNAs O
in O
heatmap O
were O
standardized O
using O
log O
10 O
( O
TPM O
+ O
1 O
) O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Accumulation O
of O
GFP O
- O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
PRONE O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
cyan O
arrowheads O
) O
in O
early O
differentiating O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

b O
Semi O
- O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
PtAP17 B-CommonName
and O
PtAP66 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
wild O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
and O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
. O

Seeds O
were O
placed O
in O
a O
hole O
( O
O O
1 O
. O
5 O
mm O
) O
made O
in O
the O
cap O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
EIN3 B-CommonName
and O
ORE1 B-CommonName
accelerate O
degreening O
during O
ethylene B-Compound
- O
mediated O
leaf B-Location
senescence B-Process
by O
directly O
activating O
chlorophyll B-Compound
catabolic O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
observed O
phenotypes O
were O
simi O
- O
lar O
to O
those O
observed O
in O
ASL19 B-CommonName
- O
overexpressing O
plants O
( O
Soyano O
et O
al O
. O

The O
grouping O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
samples O
cultivated O
in O
the O
two O
most O
extreme O
con O
- O
ditions O
on O
the O
fi O
rst O
dimension O
of O
the O
PCA O
( O
Fig O
. O

Error O
bars O
in O
( O
E O
) O
and O
( O
F O
) O
represent O
SD O
. O

( O
E O
) O
TW B-Compound
mature B-Location
G I-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
after O
4 O
weeks O
of O
inclined O
growth B-Process
. O

2009 O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
KOR1 B-CommonName
is O
essential O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
both O
pri O
- O
mary O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Genomic O
DNA O
extraction O
The O
CTAB O
( O
Sigma O
- O
Aldrich O
Co O
. O
) O
extraction O
method O
was O
used O
to O
isolate O
hybrid B-Species
Poplar I-Species
P39 O
DNA O
. O

AltA O
was O
over O
- O
represented O
and O
IR O
under O
- O
represented O
while O
the O
proportions O
of O
the O
other O
three O
AS O
types O
were O
similar O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
compared O
to O
Populus B-Species
( O
Figure O
1C O
) O
. O

Ca B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
+ I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
dependent I-CommonName
DNases I-CommonName
in O
Secondary B-Location
Xylem I-Location
Development B-Process
459 O
Figure O
3 O
. O

New O
structural O
motifs O
were O
identified O
, O
which O
allowed O
Table O
3 O
. O

Although O
the O
results O
of O
real O
- O
time O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
clearly O
464 O
Journal O
of O
Integrative O
Plant O
Biology O
Vol O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Biomass O
increases O
of O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
compared O
to O
WT O
plants O
. O

Cross O
- O
sections O
showing O
organisation O
of O
stem B-Location
tis I-Location
- I-Location
sue I-Location
. O

( O
B O
) O
PA O
- O
treated O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
GR O
seedlings O
show O
highly O
reduced O
autofluorescence O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
following O
induction O
. O

A O
to O
C O
show O
the O
localization O
of O
EGFP O
labeled O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
, O
AtNMD3DNES B-CommonName
and O
AtNMD3DNLSDNES B-CommonName
in O
transformed O
protoplasts O
, O
respectively O
. O

Normal O
fibres B-Location
have O
thicker O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
than O
G B-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
. O

A O
major O
facilitator O
superfamily O
transporter O
plays O
a O
dual O
role O
in O
polar O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
and O
drought B-Process
stress I-Process
tolerance I-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

We O
then O
used O
a O
heterologous O
system O
to O
test O
for O
an O
af O
fi O
nity O
between O
this O
common O
motif O
and O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
protein O
. O

G B-Location
- I-Location
fibre I-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
willow B-Species
| O
6459 O
Kim O
JS O
, O
Daniel O
G O
. O

B O
A O
B O
C O
D O
A O
( O
c O
) O
2000 O
Nature O
America O
Inc O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
To O
better O
understand O
discrepancy O
of O
miRNAs O
in O
the O
three O
different O
tissues O
, O
we O
conducted O
differentially O
expressed O
miRNAs O
( O
DEmiRNAs O
) O
analysis O
. O

Collectively O
, O
these O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
monolignols B-Compound
can O
diffuse O
freely O
throughout O
the O
apoplast O
and O
become O
polymerized O
into O
lignin B-Compound
only O
in O
the O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
differentiating O
protoxylem B-Location
TEs I-Location
. O

For O
example O
, O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
are O
detected O
in O
support O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
during O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
shoot B-Location
trichomes I-Location
and O
cotton B-Species
fibers B-Location
( O
Betancur O
et O
al O
. O

Every O
column O
of O
each O
C O
submatrix O
can O
be O
refolded O
conveniently O
to O
recover O
the O
distribution O
map O
of O
each O
constituent O
present O
in O
the O
different O
images O
of O
the O
data O
set O
( O
Figure O
2 O
) O
. O

Amongst O
the O
genes O
expressed O
at O
all O
three O
time O
points O
, O
the O
two O
CslA2 B-CommonName
homologs O
and O
one O
CslD3 B-CommonName
homolog O
have O
a O
stronger O
expression O
at O
early O
days O
post O
- O
anthesis O
( O
particularly O
at O
10 O
dpa O
) O
. O

3B O
) O
, O
as O
well O
as O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
directly O
neighboring O
vascular O
bundles O
. O

NODs O
: O
intracellular O
proteins O
involved O
in O
inflam B-Process
- I-Process
mation I-Process
and O
apoptosis B-Process
. O

platyphylla I-Species
( O
11 O
) O
, O
Betula B-Species
luminifera I-Species
( O
1 O
) O
, O
Populus B-Species
( O
11 O
) O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
13 O
) O
and O
Ricinus B-Species
communis I-Species
( O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
type O
is O
an O
impulse O
response O
and O
is O
de O
fi O
ned O
by O
an O
upregulation O
or O
downregulation O
of O
transcript O
levels O
in O
a O
single O
pulse O
, O
followed O
by O
decay O
to O
pre O
- O
treatment O
levels O
or O
a O
new O
steady O
state O
( O
Yosef O
and O
Regev O
2011 O
; O
Bar O
- O
Joseph O
et O
al O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
unlike O
VNS B-CommonName
subfamily I-CommonName
proteins O
, O
D B-CommonName
subfamily I-CommonName
proteins O
do O
not O
appear O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
the O
differentiation B-Process
of O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
because O
their O
loss O
of O
function O
does O
not O
affect O
the O
PCD B-Process
of O
stem B-Location
tracheary I-Location
elements I-Location
, O
at O
least O
in O
sorghum B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

2009a O
) O
are O
encode O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein O
, O
which O
is O
a O
glycosyltransferase B-CommonName
family O
believed O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymers O
. O

The O
lower O
seed B-Location
weight O
of O
transgenic O
cotton B-Species
might O
result O
from O
a O
changed O
distribution B-Process
of O
carbohydrates O
in O
the O
developing B-Location
seed I-Location
. O

PtrKOR B-CommonName
genes O
, O
together O
with O
the O
three O
Arabidopsis B-Species
KOR B-CommonName
genes O
( O
Urbanowicz O
et O
al O
. O

METHODS O
Chemicals O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
Coumaroyl I-Compound
and O
feruloyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
were O
synthesized O
following O
the O
method O
described O
by O
St O
o O
ckigt O
and O
Zenk O
( O
1975 O
) O
. O

Seeds O
and O
plasmids O
containing O
a O
35S O
- O
driven O
version O
of O
soybean O
( O
Glycine O
max O
) O
MANI O
- O
mCherry O
were O
available O
, O
but O
signal O
was O
largely O
absent O
due O
to O
silencing O
. O

Groups O
were O
assigned O
by O
significant O
statistical O
difference O
based O
on O
Welch O
' O
s O
unpaired O
t O
test O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
between O
groups O
, O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
from O
three O
technical O
and O
three O
experimental O
replicates O
each O
) O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
by O
Agrobac O
- O
terium O
tumefaciens O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
. O

delta O
MusaVND O
was O
fused O
with O
the O
GAL4 O
DNA O
binding O
domain O
and O
transformed O
in O
the O
yeast O
. O

Residual O
water O
resonance O
was O
suppressed O
using O
the O
NOESYPR1D O
( O
1D O
Nuclear O
Overhauser O
e O
ff O
ect O
spectroscopy O
with O
water O
pre O
- O
saturation O
) O
pulse O
sequence O
with O
a O
mixing O
time O
of O
100 O
ms O
. O

Segmental O
or O
tandem O
duplication O
is O
the O
main O
way O
to O
increase O
the O
number O
of O
family O
members O
in O
plants O
. O

The O
light O
in O
the O
green O
- O
house O
was O
supplied O
by O
three O
1 O
, O
000 O
W O
E25 O
HPS O
light O
bulbs O
in O
conjunction O
with O
sunlight O
during O
the O
winter O
, O
reaching O
a O
light O
intensity O
of O
approximately O
150 O
mol O
m O
! O
2 O
s O
! O
1 O
on O
the O
surface O
of O
the O
bench O
. O

Secondary O
thickenings B-Process
in O
roots B-Location
can O
be O
assessed O
by O
the O
amount O
of O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
; O
hence O
, O
the O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
roots B-Location
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
transgenics O
was O
also O
analyzed O
. O

Zhong O
R O
, O
Demura O
T O
, O
Ye O
ZH O
. O

At O
8 O
dpa O
, O
the O
mannan B-Compound
backbone O
linkage O
accounted O
for O
1 O
. O
1 O
mol O
% O
of O
the O
total O
extracted O
linkages O
, O
and O
the O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
linkage O
for O
3 O
mol O
% O
. O

The O
samples O
were O
dried O
using O
a O
centrifugal O
vacuum O
evaporator O
. O

Wood B-Compound
density O
( O
F O
) O
was O
measured O
from O
small O
pieces O
of O
wood B-Compound
without O
bark O
and O
pith B-Location
. O

2005 O
; O
Escamilla O
- O
Trevi O
~ O
no O
et O
al O
. O

elegans I-Species
and O
human B-Species
DExH B-CommonName
proteins O
that O
have O
demonstrated O
or O
putative O
roles O
( O
based O
on O
sequence O
homology O
) O
in O
pre O
- O
mRNA O
splicing O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
, O
104 O
, O
9900 O
- O
9905 O
. O

The O
experiments O
were O
repeated O
three O
times O
with O
biologi O
- O
cally O
independent O
samples O
. O

B O
: O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
a O
DCB O
- O
treated O
seedling O
. O

The O
root B-Location
development B-Process
was O
also O
affected O
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
CM O
- O
H O
2 O
DCFDA O
and O
FDA O
stained O
PTs O
, O
a O
circle O
( O
4 O
m O
m O
in O
diameter O
) O
3 O
m O
m O
away O
from O
tip O
was O
chosen O
to O
measure O
apical O
cytosol O
intensity O
. O

2011 O
) O
when O
overexpressed O
in O
tobacco B-Species
plants O
. O

The O
reliability O
of O
changes O
in O
transcript O
levels O
deduced O
from O
the O
microarray O
experiments O
was O
checked O
by O
analyzing O
the O
expression O
of O
two O
up O
- O
regulated O
( O
At3g02480 O
and O
At4g38410 O
) O
genes O
and O
one O
down O
- O
regulated O
( O
At4g02290 O
) O
gene O
using O
northerns O
( O
Supplementary O
Material O
2 O
) O
. O

We O
describe O
novel O
regu O
- O
latory O
roles O
for O
SND2 B-CommonName
in O
fibre B-Location
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
, O
and O
propose O
a O
model O
for O
the O
role O
of O
SND2 B-CommonName
in O
the O
transcrip O
- O
tional O
network O
regulating O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Note O
the O
presence O
of O
interveinal O
chlorosis B-Process
. O

To O
test O
it O
, O
we O
selected O
At5g60490 O
lines O
, O
because O
we O
obtained O
both O
overexpression O
and O
cosuppression O
lines O
for O
At5g60490 O
( O
Figure O
6c O
) O
. O

Among O
these O
, O
279 O
transcription O
factor O
genes O
were O
correlated O
with O
lignin B-Compound
/ O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
therefore O
representing O
putative O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

The O
NbEF1 O
alpha O
gene O
was O
used O
as O
the O
internal O
control O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Rotenberg O
et O
al O
. O

Intercalation O
of O
xylem B-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
was O
also O
reduced O
in O
IRX3 B-CommonName
: O
CLE41 B-CommonName
lbd4 B-CommonName
compared O
with O
IRX3 B-CommonName
: O
CLE41 B-CommonName
. O

Although O
a O
few O
statistically O
signi O
fi O
cant O
differences O
in O
expression O
of O
PpCESAs B-CommonName
were O
noted O
when O
some O
tissues O
and O
hormone O
treatments O
were O
compared O
, O
no O
strong O
co O
- O
expression O
patterns O
were O
observed O
. O

Xiaole O
Wang O
, O
Zhijun O
Cheng O
and O
Zhichao O
Zhao O
have O
contributed O
equally O
to O
this O
work O
. O

However O
, O
the O
phenomenon O
of O
xylem B-Location
proliferation B-Process
that O
we O
observed O
in O
tobacco B-Species
was O
not O
observed O
by O
silencing O
either O
of O
these O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

GUS O
activity O
was O
calculated O
as O
( O
pmol O
4 O
- O
MU O
/ O
min O
) O
/ O
mu O
g O
protein O
and O
is O
re O
- O
presented O
as O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
of O
three O
replications O
. O

4 B-Compound
- I-Compound
O I-Compound
- I-Compound
methyl I-Compound
- I-Compound
GlcA I-Compound
is O
also O
present O
in O
arabinogalactan O
side O
chains O
of O
arabinogalactan B-Compound
proteins I-Compound
( O
AGP B-Compound
) O
in O
plants O
( O
Tryfona O
et O
al O
. O

We O
combined O
wox14 B-CommonName
( O
Etchells O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
and O
lbd4 B-CommonName
Arabidopsis B-Species
T O
- O
DNA O
lines O
with O
tmo6 B-CommonName
mutants O
generated O
by O
genome O
editing O
. O

Xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
RNAi O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
lines O
. O

For O
a O
sample O
of O
164 O
individuals O
, O
a O
micropulping O
technique O
developed O
by O
Aracruz O
Celulose O
S O
. O
A O
. O

It O
has O
been O
shown O
that O
a O
higher O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
can O
improve O
the O
chemical O
degradation O
of O
monocot O
and O
dicot O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
increasing O
cellulosic O
bioethanol O
production O
( O
Fornal O
e O
Plant O
Biology O
17 O
( O
2015 O
) O
877 O
- O
892 O
( O
c O
) O
2015 O
German O
Botanical O
Society O
and O
The O
Royal O
Botanical O
Society O
of O
the O
Netherlands O
877 O
Plant O
Biology O
ISSN O
1435 O
- O
8603 O
et O
al O
. O

The O
data O
can O
be O
utilized O
as O
a O
reference O
for O
further O
transcript O
expression O
studies O
in O
garlic B-Species
. O

Map O
- O
based O
cloning O
The O
cef1 B-CommonName
locus O
was O
mapped O
and O
cloned O
using O
2307 O
mutant O
F O
2 O
plants O
, O
which O
were O
selected O
from O
the O
population O
of O
Wandao60 O
cef1 B-CommonName
and O
Nanjing11 O
. O

The O
limited O
knowledge O
of O
the O
mechanistic O
roles O
of O
these O
proteins O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
has O
been O
reviewed O
( O
Somerville O
2006 O
) O
. O

Friml O
, O
Auxin B-Compound
: O
a O
trigger O
for O
change O
in O
plant O
development B-Process
, O
Cell O
136 O
( O
2009 O
) O
1005 O
- O
1006 O
. O

A O
dilution O
series O
of O
rMC9 O
in O
Milli O
- O
Q O
purified O
water O
was O
made O
starting O
from O
1 O
/ O
25 O
( O
w O
/ O
w O
) O
ratio O
. O

Here O
, O
the O
substrate O
preference O
of O
a O
laccase B-CommonName
( O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
) O
from O
Zea B-Species
mays I-Species
( O
maize B-Species
) O
was O
characterized O
. O

In O
: O
Bryson O
V O
, O
Vogel O
HJ O
( O
eds O
) O
Evolving O
genes O
and O
proteins O
. O

Domingues O
, O
Structural O
characterization O
of O
polysaccharides O
isolated O
from O
grape B-Species
stalks B-Location
of O
Vitis B-Species
vinifera I-Species
L O
, O
Carbohydr O
. O

263916 O
] O
; O
UK O
Biotechnology O
and O
Biosciences O
Research O
Council O
[ O
CASE O
studentship O
award O
] O
. O

Shi O
JS O
, O
Zhen O
Y O
, O
Zheng O
RH O
. O

( O
B O
) O
GFP O
- O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
PRONE O
was O
expressed O
with O
ROPGAP3 B-CommonName
and O
a O
ROP11 B-CommonName
derivative O
, O
ROP11 B-CommonName
G17V O
, O
or O
ROP11 B-CommonName
T22N O
. O

The O
results O
showed O
that O
both O
genes O
were O
expressed O
in O
all O
the O
tissues O
tested O
, O
with O
highest O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
of O
the O
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Along O
with O
phenotype O
analysis O
of O
CESA B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
analysis O
of O
CESA B-CommonName
co O
- O
expression O
patterns O
has O
provided O
critical O
information O
for O
understanding O
the O
composition O
of O
the O
hetero O
- O
oligomeric O
seed O
plant O
CSCs O
. O

2019 O
The O
Authors O
New O
Phytologist O
2019 O
New O
Phytologist O
Trust O
New O
Phytologist O
( O
2019 O
) O
www O
. O
newphytologist O
. O
com O
New O
Phytologist O
Research O
9 O
treated O
xvp B-CommonName
nac048 B-CommonName
mutant O
( O
Fig O
. O

Physiol O
Plant O
114 O
: O
343 O
- O
353 O
Koutaniemi O
S O
( O
2007 O
) O
Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
: O
from O
a O
model O
system O
to O
the O
tree O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
stem B-Location
structures O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
these O
data O
indicate O
that O
the O
typical O
chemical O
con O
- O
stituents O
of O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
are O
deposited O
in O
the O
thickened O
fibre B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
ERF035 B-CommonName
- O
VP16 O
lines O
. O

( O
XLS O
) O
Table O
S3 O
300 O
co O
- O
expressed O
rice B-Species
genes O
listed O
by O
three O
baits O
, O
OsGT43A B-CommonName
( O
Os05g0123100 O
) O
, O
OsGT43B B-CommonName
( O
Os04g0650300 O
) O
and O
OsGT47D B-CommonName
( O
Os01g0926400 O
) O
. O

These O
results O
provide O
valuable O
clues O
for O
elucidating O
the O
molecular O
mechanism O
underlying O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
, O
transcript O
profiles O
from O
different O
tissues O
or O
develop O
- O
mental O
stages O
were O
included O
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

In O
WT O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
, O
the O
anther B-Location
dehiscence B-Process
releases O
wild O
- O
type O
pollen B-Location
on O
the O
pistil B-Location
whereas O
in O
the O
ccc O
triple O
mutant O
, O
the O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
are O
smaller O
and O
the O
shriveled O
anthers B-Location
fail O
to O
open O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Lysigenous B-Location
aerenchyma I-Location
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
is O
controlled O
by O
Lesion B-CommonName
Simulating I-CommonName
Disease I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
. O

So O
the O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
expression O
progressed O
basipetally O
from O
the O
leaf B-Location
margin O
to O
the O
leaf B-Location
base O
like O
growth B-Process
does O
. O

1999 O
) O
and O
PLACE O
software O
( O
Higo O
et O
al O
. O

Roots B-Location
of O
7 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
plants O
were O
harvested O
and O
lyophilized O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
overexpressing O
Dof B-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
of O
maize B-Species
showed O
better O
growth B-Process
under O
low O
- O
nitrogen O
conditions O
too O
and O
increased O
the O
levels O
of O
phosphoenolpyruvate B-CommonName
car I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
boxylase I-CommonName
( O
PEPC B-CommonName
) O
and O
pyruvate B-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
( O
PK O
) O
activities O
( O
Yanagisawa O
et O
al O
. O

A O
MAPK B-CommonName
cascade O
downstream O
of O
ERECTA B-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
regulates O
Arabidopsis B-Species
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
architecture O
by O
promoting O
localized O
cell O
proliferation B-Process
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
sequences O
downstream O
of O
PtX14A9 B-CommonName
enhance O
expression O
levels O
in O
a O
tissue O
- O
spe O
- O
ci O
fi O
c O
manner O
as O
was O
demonstrated O
in O
poplar B-Species
leaf B-Location
veins I-Location
. O

Introduction O
Xylan B-Compound
is O
one O
of O
the O
major O
polysaccharides O
in O
lignocellulosic O
biomass O
targeted O
for O
biofuel O
production B-Process
. O

How O
- O
ever O
, O
the O
regulatory O
mechanism O
that O
determines O
the O
planar O
shape O
of O
active O
Rho O
of O
Plants O
( O
ROP O
) O
domains O
is O
still O
unknown O
. O

The O
lignin B-Compound
speci O
fi O
c O
pathway O
involves O
two O
enzymes O
: O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
coenzymeA I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
( O
CCR B-CommonName
) O
and O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
( O
CAD B-CommonName
) O
which O
reduce O
cinnamoyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
to O
form O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
hydroxycinnamyl I-Compound
alcohols I-Compound
, O
referred O
to O
as O
monolignols B-Compound
. O

Markers O
used O
in O
the O
positional O
cloning O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
gene O
Table O
S4 O
. O

the O
cytosol O
of O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
confers O
partial O
resistance O
to O
ozone O
- O
induced O
foliar O
necrosis O
. O

The O
combination O
of O
di O
ff O
erences O
in O
wood B-Compound
composition O
and O
the O
absence O
of O
seasonal O
cycles O
of O
cambial B-Location
dormancy O
and O
activity O
in O
annuals O
highlights O
the O
need O
to O
study O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
a O
model O
tree O
. O

Actually O
, O
their O
overexpression O
stimulates O
the O
expression O
of O
many O
AtSND1 B-CommonName
- O
regulated O
transcription O
factors O
and O
favors O
ectopic O
accumulation O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

The O
finding O
that O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
may O
directly O
bind O
to O
the O
promoters O
of O
both O
WAK1 B-CommonName
and O
VuWAKL1 B-CommonName
and O
induces O
their O
expression O
supports O
this O
sup O
- O
position O
. O

I O
have O
the O
same O
comment O
for O
the O
choice O
of O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
expressing O
YFP O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
with O
mutations O
at O
the O
predicted O
catalytic O
site O
. O

perenne I-Species
genome O
does O
not O
contain O
any O
additional O
lignin B-Compound
- O
associated O
4CL B-CommonName
genes O
. O

The O
localization O
of O
GFP O
positive O
CEF1 B-CommonName
/ O
MYB103L B-CommonName
was O
observed O
using O
confocal O
laser O
scanning O
microscope O
. O

Double O
- O
sided O
arrows O
( O
white O
) O
indicate O
cambial B-Location
region I-Location
. O

Asterisks O
point O
out O
the O
target O
band O
. O

These O
roots B-Location
observed O
under O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
( O
c O
) O
( O
d O
) O
( O
e O
) O
( O
f O
) O
( O
g O
) O
( O
h O
) O
( O
i O
) O
( O
j O
) O
( O
k O
) O
( O
l O
) O
Figure O
5 O
Histochemical O
localization O
of O
GUS O
activity O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
transformed O
with O
the O
EgCCR1 B-CommonName
and O
EgCAD2 B-CommonName
promoters O
. O

We O
then O
biochemically O
characterized O
a O
surprisingly O
active O
xylan B-CommonName
XylT I-CommonName
activity O
in O
different O
stem B-Location
sections O
( O
apical O
, O
middle O
and O
basal O
) O
over O
post O
- O
harvest O
stages O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
. O
Totalproteinwasextractedfromseedlingsby O
grinding O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
to O
fi O
ne O
powders O
. O

This O
mutual O
spatial O
inhibition O
between O
cortical O
microtubules O
and O
active O
ROP B-CommonName
domains O
produces O
distinct O
spatial O
patterns O
of O
microtubules O
, O
resulting O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
patterns O
. O

Overexpression O
of O
VND6 B-CommonName
and O
SND1 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
leads O
to O
abnormal O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
or O
retarded O
growth B-Process
( O
5 O
, O
10 O
, O
11 O
) O
. O

E O
- O
mail O
: O
hqhao O
@ O
ibcas O
. O
ac O
. O
cn O
* O
These O
authors O
contributed O
equally O
to O
this O
work O
. O

Probe O
sets O
corresponding O
to O
these O
monolignol B-Compound
syn O
- O
thetic O
genes O
were O
identified O
through O
sequence O
analysis O
( O
Additional O
file O
1 O
: O
Table O
S2 O
) O
. O

LACCASE17 O
localizes O
specifically O
to O
protoxylem B-Location
TE I-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Sankar O
, O
Nieminen O
, O
Ragni O
et O
al O
. O

Characterization O
of O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
transcription O
factors O
implicated O
in O
control O
of O
vascular B-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
Populus B-Species
. O

fruitlets B-Location
10 O
, O
15 O
and O
20 O
mm O
in O
diameter O
) O
. O

See O
Table O
S2 O
for O
detailed O
trait O
descriptions O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
wood B-Compound
density O
and O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
length O
together O
with O
the O
chemical O
composition O
of O
wood B-Compound
are O
critical O
factors O
that O
determine O
its O
material O
prop O
- O
erties O
and O
hence O
its O
suitability O
for O
a O
speci O
fi O
c O
end O
use O
in O
the O
wood B-Compound
- O
processing O
industry O
. O

taeda I-Species
L I-Species
. O
) O
and O
other O
conifer O
spe O
- O
cies O
JoVE O
. O

1 O
Schematic O
illustration O
of O
the O
experimental O
strategy O
. O

Secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
secondary B-Location
phloem I-Location
widths O
were O
measured O
using O
the O
I O
MAGE O
J O
software O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
imagej O
. O
net O
) O
, O
from O
the O
border O
of O
the O
cambium B-Location
to O
the O
outermost O
cells O
of O
the O
pith B-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
fi I-Location
bres I-Location
, O
respectively O
. O

( O
n O
= O
50 O
images O
of O
ultrathin O
sections O
from O
three O
plants O
) O
. O

A O
chromosome O
- O
based O
draft O
sequence O
of O
the O
hexaploid O
bread O
wheat B-Species
( O
Triticum B-Species
aestivum I-Species
) O
genome O
. O

Regarding O
the O
number O
and O
organization O
of O
exon O
/ O
intron O
, O
about O
half O
of O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
were O
very O
similar O
to O
or O
the O
same O
as O
their O
orthologs O
in O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
full O
uncropped O
gel O
and O
blot O
shown O
are O
provided O
as O
a O
Source O
Data O
fi O
le O
. O

To O
verify O
the O
morphological O
changes O
during O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
, O
we O
analyzed O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
. O

CSCs O
that O
traversed O
the O
microtubules O
interacted O
with O
the O
microtubules O
via O
CSI1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
POM2 I-CommonName
, O
which O
prompted O
the O
lateral O
microtubule O
displace O
- O
ment O
. O

All O
micrographs O
were O
acquired O
digitally O
. O

Quantification O
of O
cortical O
microtubules O
and O
particle O
detection O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
The O
quantifications O
were O
performed O
on O
single O
frames O
of O
the O
dual O
- O
labeled O
YFP O
- O
CesA6 B-CommonName
mCherry O
- O
TUA5 B-CommonName
control O
or O
on O
the O
fluorescent O
labels O
in O
the O
cc1cc2 O
mutant O
background O
. O

Alonso O
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
Stock O
Centre O
for O
providing O
seeds O
and O
Alexander O
Johnson O
for O
valuable O
scien O
- O
ti O
fi O
c O
input O
. O

One O
possible O
explanation O
of O
this O
is O
that O
IQD13 B-CommonName
forms O
additional O
linkages O
between O
cortical O
microtubules O
and O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
, O
which O
inhibit O
the O
outward O
diffusion O
of O
active O
ROP11 B-CommonName
( O
Figure O
4D O
) O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Expression O
of O
senes B-Process
- I-Process
cence I-Process
- O
associated O
genes O
in O
the O
leaves O
of O
silver B-Species
birch I-Species
( O
Betula B-Species
pendula I-Species
) O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Wood B-Compound
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
: O
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
developmental O
dynamics O
and O
their O
implications O
for O
wood B-Compound
properties O
. O

jp O
/ O
dra O
/ O
index O
. O
html O
( O
accession O
code O
DRA004095 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
heteroxylans B-Compound
are O
also O
preferentially O
released O
from O
ccr1 B-CommonName
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

3000 O
bp O
upstream O
of O
the O
transcription O
start O
site O
was O
analyzed O
for O
the O
presence O
of O
the O
AC O
- O
like O
element O
described O
in O
Figure O
7D O
. O

Genomic O
DNAs O
were O
isolated O
from O
hygromycin O
- O
resistant O
plants O
transformed O
with O
the O
35S O
: O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
SRDX O
vector O
. O

The O
role O
of O
auxin B-Compound
in O
mediating O
the O
function O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
was O
tested O
by O
root B-Location
inhibition O
assay O
and O
, O
as O
evident O
from O
the O
results O
, O
auxin B-Compound
might O
be O
directly O
in O
- O
volved O
in O
the O
transcription O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
for O
facilitating O
its O
protein O
' O
s O
involvement O
in O
OsCCR14 B-CommonName
turnover O
. O

Only O
seven O
GOs O
were O
enriched O
in O
W O
- O
regulated O
DEGs O
and O
included O
abiotic O
stress O
responses O
and O
transport O
. O

Both O
mutant O
lines O
had O
an O
insertion O
in O
exon O
1 O
( O
before O
the O
proximal O
histidine O
) O
but O
differed O
in O
the O
type O
Fig O
. O

However O
, O
we O
show O
here O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
has O
the O
potential O
to O
regulate O
fiber B-Location
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
cotton B-Species
, O
one O
of O
the O
most O
important O
commercial O
fiber B-Location
crops O
. O

Tissue O
expression O
analysis O
also O
showed O
signi O
fi O
cant O
correlations O
of O
Ptr B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C4H3 I-CommonName
with O
these O
four O
genes O
( O
Figure O
5h O
) O
, O
supporting O
the O
hypothesis O
that O
these O
causal O
genes O
might O
indirectly O
affect O
LC O
. O

Regulatory O
elements O
in O
3 O
untranslated O
and O
fl O
anking O
regions O
of O
plant O
genes O
have O
been O
iden O
- O
ti O
fi O
ed O
in O
other O
studies O
. O

The O
category O
with O
the O
most O
important O
proportion O
of O
genes O
upregulated O
by O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
( O
7 O
and O
8 O
% O
respectively O
) O
was O
that O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
followed O
again O
by O
stress O
- O
related O
annotations O
( O
4 O
and O
5 O
% O
) O
and O
the O
' O
' O
extracellular O
' O
' O
category O
( O
3 O
and O
4 O
% O
) O
. O

To O
construct O
antisense O
vector O
, O
the O
coding O
sequences O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
was O
reversely O
inserted O
into O
pBI121 O
binary O
vector O
under O
a O
constitutive O
CaMV35S O
promoter O
. O

However O
, O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
the O
elements O
among O
the O
plants O
can O
vary O
with O
the O
treatment O
. O

This O
analysis O
identified O
159 O
, O
870 O
unigenes O
and O
47 O
, O
274 O
CDSs O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Transgenic O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
plants O
showed O
an O
obvious O
phenotypic O
change O
in O
pigmentation B-Process
( O
red O
) O
compared O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
. O

To O
gain O
further O
insight O
into O
the O
nature O
of O
the O
modulation O
of O
Araf O
- O
bound O
FA B-Compound
and O
Araf O
- O
bound O
pCA O
levels O
in O
response O
to O
salt O
stress O
, O
the O
AIR O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

( O
F O
) O
GUS O
staining O
observed O
in O
corm O
of O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
. O

( O
A O
) O
1 O
u O
m O
resin O
section O
of O
TW B-Compound
side O
showing O
strong O
binding O
of O
LM21 O
in O
the O
maturing O
and O
mature B-Location
G I-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
. O

A O
role O
of O
expansins B-CommonName
has O
been O
indeed O
demonstrated O
during O
ripening B-Process
in O
some O
fruit B-Location
, O
where O
they O
facilitate O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
disassembly B-Process
and O
fruit B-Location
softening B-Process
, O
by O
increasing O
the O
accessibility O
of O
non O
- O
covalently O
bound O
wall B-Compound
polymers O
to O
the O
action O
of O
endogenous O
hydrolytic O
enzymes O
( O
Rose O
et O
al O
. O

We O
compared O
dynamical O
properties O
originated O
from O
difference O
in O
network O
structures O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
the O
well O
- O
documented O
role O
of O
auxin B-Compound
in O
cell O
development B-Process
inspired O
us O
to O
further O
explore O
this O
strategy O
in O
the O
hope O
of O
enhancing O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
yield O
or O
quality O
. O

1 O
) O
contain O
a O
putative O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
- O
pectate B-Compound
binding O
domain O
( O
Dunand O
et O
al O
. O

LEWIN O
, O
1990 O
Associations O
between O
genetic O
markers O
and O
growth B-Process
and O
carcas O
traits O
in O
a O
paterna1 B-CommonName
half I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
sib I-CommonName
family O
of O
Angus B-Species
catle I-Species
. O

The O
micro O
fi O
bril O
surface O
( O
s O
) O
and O
internal O
( O
i O
) O
C4 O
and O
C6 O
are O
labelled O
. O

The O
remaining O
pel O
- O
let O
was O
freeze O
- O
dried O
and O
stored O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
as O
crude O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

The O
con O
- O
structs O
were O
transferred O
into O
Populus B-Species
by O
Agrobacterium O
mediated O
transformation O
according O
to O
the O
protocol O
adopted O
in O
our O
lab O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Lane O
C O
, O
Soluble O
total O
protein O
extract O
from O
induced O
cells O
. O

Then O
add O
1 O
mL O
of O
ultrapure O
water O
to O
stop O
the O
reaction O
. O

The O
reaction O
was O
incubated O
in O
the O
dark O
at O
37 O
C O
for O
20 O
min O
. O

In O
many O
flowering O
plants O
, O
the O
majority O
of O
stem B-Location
pith I-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
die O
, O
which O
leads O
to O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
air O
- O
filled O
cavities O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
( O
2 O
) O
. O

b O
- O
g O
Scanning O
electron O
micrographs O
show O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
rind O
tissue O
from O
internodes B-Location
nearer O
the O
apex B-Location
of O
the O
maize B-Species
stem B-Location
have O
thinner O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
compared O
to O
internodes B-Location
closer O
to O
the O
base O
. O

Received O
: O
6 O
February O
2013 O
Accepted O
: O
25 O
June O
2013 O
Published O
: O
1 O
July O
2013 O
References O
1 O
. O

In O
total O
, O
814 O
xylem B-Location
unigenes O
with O
differential O
transcription O
were O
identified O
in O
at O
least O
one O
of O
two O
microarray O
experiments O
and O
73 O
genes O
( O
45 O
for O
HD O
, O
28 O
for O
LD O
) O
were O
identified O
in O
both O
experiments O
, O
thus O
representing O
putative O
candidate O
genes O
for O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
density O
. O

Thus O
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
releases O
material O
harboring O
latent O
elicitors O
, O
but O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
is O
required O
for O
their O
conversion O
to O
active O
species O
. O

Further O
studies O
are O
required O
to O
gain O
a O
better O
understanding O
of O
the O
relationship O
between O
cellu O
- O
lose O
MF O
assembly B-Process
and O
the O
rate O
of O
cell O
expansion B-Process
, O
as O
well O
as O
the O
environmental O
and O
developmental O
factors O
controlling O
them O
. O

Collectively O
, O
these O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
the O
FOX O
system O
can O
be O
used O
as O
a O
mutagenesis O
approach O
to O
identify O
genes O
important O
for O
a O
speci O
fi O
c O
trait O
of O
interest O
. O

( O
1989 O
) O
Rapid O
hydrolysis B-Process
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharides O
by O
gas O
- O
liquid O
chromatography O
. O

These O
different O
structures O
are O
re O
fl O
ected O
in O
a O
bimodal O
distribu O
- O
tion O
of O
irx9 B-CommonName
TGN O
vesicle O
sizes O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
intensity O
of O
tricin B-Compound
signals O
( O
T O
) O
relative O
to O
those O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
aromatic O
signals O
( O
L O
S O
+ O
L O
G O
) O
was O
similar O
between O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
- O
CRISPR O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
NMR O
spectra O
( O
Figures O
5 O
and O
6 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
in O
this O
experiment O
we O
observed O
a O
merger O
of O
group O
6 O
and O
group O
9 O
/ O
11 O
. O

This O
means O
that O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
mainly O
occurred O
on O
one O
side O
of O
the O
fiber B-Location
lumen O
. O

4A O
and O
B O
) O
, O
indicat O
- O
ing O
that O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
is O
functional O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
responsible O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
pith B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Mol O
Plant O
3 O
: O
834 O
- O
841 O
Kim O
JS O
, O
Daniel O
G O
( O
2012 O
) O
Immunolocalization O
of O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
stem B-Location
. O

Tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
and O
opposite B-Compound
wood I-Compound
in O
21 O
tropical O
rain O
forest O
species O
1 O
. O

Plants O
lacking O
the O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
induction O
construct O
, O
and O
thus O
producing O
only O
PCWs B-Compound
, O
were O
imaged O
as O
a O
control O
. O

Suppression O
of O
PtrCesA3D B-CommonName
and O
PtrCesA7A B-CommonName
affected O
Populus B-Species
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
stem B-Location
mechanic O
property O
To O
investigate O
how O
the O
two O
type O
CSCs O
participate O
in O
cel B-Compound
- I-Compound
lulose I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
during O
wood B-Compound
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
, O
four O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
from O
the O
two O
type O
CSCs O
( O
PtrCesA7A B-CommonName
and O
PtrCesA8A B-CommonName
belonging O
to O
one O
type O
CSC O
and O
PtrCe O
- O
sA3D O
and O
PtrCesA1A B-CommonName
belonging O
to O
the O
other O
type O
CSC O
) O
were O
specifically O
suppressed O
through O
RNA O
interference O
( O
RNAi O
) O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
relation O
was O
inferred O
using O
the O
Neighbor O
- O
Joining O
method O
. O

The O
reaction O
products O
with O
( O
B O
, O
C O
) O
and O
without O
( O
A O
) O
enzymatic O
digestion O
were O
analyzed O
by O
RP O
- O
HPLC O
. O

Compared O
with O
NDC O
and O
randomly O
shuf O
fl O
ed O
DHS O
data O
, O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
higher O
percentages O
of O
H3K4me3 O
( O
c O
. O

KQ228 O
represents O
a O
commercially O
important O
smut O
- O
resistant O
cultivar O
in O
Queensland O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Suppression O
of O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
proanthocyanidin B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
by O
a O
chimeric O
PAP1 B-CommonName
repressor O
. O

This O
indi O
- O
cates O
that O
lignin B-Compound
is O
specifically O
and O
heavily O
deposited O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
and O
fibers B-Location
of O
18O O
stems B-Location
under O
salt O
stress O
. O

Various O
plant O
model O
systems O
have O
been O
used O
to O
study O
the O
mechanisms O
governing O
plant O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
. O

grundis I-Species
maternal O
genotype O
using O
its O
open O
pollinated O
halfsib O
family O
. O

This O
means O
that O
a O
large O
amount O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
is O
required O
during O
the O
Figure O
6 O
. O

Although O
these O
SNPs O
represent O
only O
a O
por O
- O
tion O
of O
the O
Acacia B-Species
transcriptome O
, O
this O
study O
has O
pro O
- O
vided O
a O
better O
SNPs O
estimation O
compared O
to O
a O
previous O
study O
[ O
31 O
] O
which O
was O
based O
on O
the O
SNPs O
variation O
in O
two O
lignin B-Compound
genes O
. O

Leaf B-Location
area O
is O
the O
average O
of O
three O
of O
the O
10th O
- O
12th O
leaves B-Location
from O
the O
top O
. O

The O
cambium B-Location
arises O
postembryonically O
in O
the O
shape O
of O
a O
cylinder O
that O
surrounds O
the O
growth B-Process
axes O
of O
stems B-Location
, O
hypocotyls B-Location
, O
and O
roots B-Location
( O
1 O
) O
. O

3c O
, O
d O
) O
, O
which O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
reduced O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
phenotypes O
. O

CSD O
Localization O
and O
Regulatory O
Input O
Determine O
Speci O
fi O
city O
of O
RBOHF B-CommonName
Action O
in O
Casparian B-Location
Strip I-Location
Formation B-Process
( O
A O
) O
Establishment O
of O
a O
functional O
diffusion O
barrier O
is O
visualized O
by O
block O
of O
PI O
diffusion O
( O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
, O
13 O
< O
n O
< O
31 O
) O
( O
see O
also O
Figure O
S4 O
and O
Table O
S2 O
) O
. O

Previously O
we O
reported O
that O
ectopic O
expression O
of O
ROPGEF7 B-CommonName
PRONE O
together O
with O
ROP11 B-CommonName
and O
ROPGAP3 B-CommonName
did O
not O
generate O
domains O
in O
leaf B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
17 O
. O

Motifs O
and O
their O
classification O
by O
STAMP O
are O
provided O
in O
Figure O
8 O
. O

A O
and O
B O
indicate O
that O
the O
means O
differ O
according O
to O
analysis O
of O
variance O
and O
Tukey O
' O
s O
test O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

The O
esk1 B-CommonName
mutation O
also O
caused O
a O
reduction O
in O
the O
signal O
abundance O
for O
3 O
- O
O O
- O
monoacetylated O
xylosyl O
residues O
[ O
34 O
] O
. O

A O
possible O
explanation O
for O
this O
phenomenon O
is O
the O
decrease O
of O
4CL B-CommonName
activity O
in O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
and O
plant O
roots B-Location
. O

BMC O
Genomics O
( O
2019 O
) O
20 O
: O
785 O
Page O
9 O
of O
22 O
ratio O
of O
2 O
( O
Additional O
file O
4 O
: O
Figure O
S20A O
) O
. O

Keywords O
Conifer B-Species
Cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
( O
CAD B-CommonName
) O
Lignin B-Compound
Vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
Cis O
- O
regulatory O
elements O
Jasmonate B-Compound
Wounding O
Introduction O
Wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
plants O
depends O
on O
the O
differentiation B-Process
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
from O
the O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
. O

3 O
, O
most O
of O
the O
14 O
different O
genes O
for O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
enzymes O
tested O
were O
appar O
- O
ently O
activated O
in O
both O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

The O
density O
of O
cortical O
microtubules O
in O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
induced O
cells O
was O
also O
higher O
in O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
the O
cell O
cortex B-Location
than O
in O
the O
control O
( O
Figures O
S2A O
and O
S2B O
) O
. O

One O
explanation O
is O
ectopic O
expression O
of O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
using O
the O
35S O
promoter O
disturbed O
the O
PtrCLE41 B-CommonName
/ O
44 O
- O
PXY B-CommonName
signalling O
pathway O
in O
phloem B-Location
which O
then O
led O
to O
changes O
in O
the O
orientation O
of O
cell O
division B-Process
in O
the O
cambium B-Location
region I-Location
. O

Normalized O
volumes O
were O
finally O
obtained O
using O
the O
total O
spot O
volume O
normalization O
procedure O
of O
IM2D O
. O

These O
data O
suggest O
that O
bHLH B-CommonName
TFs O
play O
a O
role O
in O
many O
different O
processes O
throughout O
the O
entire O
process O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
. O

Results O
show O
that O
about O
42 O
% O
of O
the O
AS O
events O
caused O
ORF O
disruptions O
or O
change O
, O
suggesting O
that O
AS O
extensively O
affects O
protein O
sequence O
. O

B O
: O
DCB O
treatment O
slightly O
affected O
the O
subcellular O
dynamics O
of O
TGN O
labelled O
with O
VHA O
- O
a1 O
- O
GFP O
. O

It O
would O
be O
desirable O
to O
increase O
the O
dimensionality O
of O
the O
analysis O
by O
making O
the O
plant O
system O
component O
a O
variable O
in O
its O
own O
right O
. O

Glycosyl O
transferases O
operate O
by O
facilitating O
the O
catalytic O
sequential O
transfer O
of O
sugars O
from O
activated O
donors O
to O
acceptor O
molecules O
that O
form O
region O
and O
stereospeci O
fi O
c O
glycosidic O
linkages O
( O
Lair O
- O
son O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2008 O
) O
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
gRNAs O
were O
constructed O
into O
the O
pBUE411vector O
. O

Accordingly O
, O
we O
denote O
PtACT41 B-CommonName
as O
Populus B-Species
hydroxy O
- O
acid O
/ O
fatty B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyltransferase I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
) O
. O

While O
functionally O
characterized O
SCW B-Compound
TFs O
and O
their O
promoters O
are O
potential O
tools O
for O
the O
re O
- O
engineering O
of O
woody O
biomass O
, O
their O
crude O
manipulation O
generally O
results O
in O
undesirable O
phenotypes O
and O
hence O
refined O
approaches O
adopting O
synthetic O
and O
systems O
biology O
are O
favourable O
63 O
. O

An O
alternative O
means O
to O
circumvent O
the O
inherent O
, O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
recal O
- O
citrance O
could O
be O
achieved O
by O
selectively O
augmenting O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
to O
display O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
characteristics O
. O

Dying O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
were O
expec O
- O
ted O
to O
be O
abundant O
in O
the O
third O
internode O
of O
74LH3213 O
stems B-Location
at O
8 O
WAP O
( O
Fig O
. O

To O
determine O
the O
MIF B-CommonName
- O
florigen B-Compound
relationship O
, O
we O
bred O
mif2 B-CommonName
cr1 B-CommonName
mif3 B-CommonName
cr1 B-CommonName
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
plants O
. O

Transcription O
run O
- O
on O
analyses O
Nuclei O
were O
isolated O
from O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
embryos B-Location
of O
loblolly B-Species
pine I-Species
. O

Results O
showed O
that O
QsMYB1 B-CommonName
acts O
directly O
on O
genes O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
and O
suberin B-Compound
metabolic O
pathways O
, O
confirming O
the O
specific O
role O
of O
QsMYB1 B-CommonName
in O
regulating O
cork B-Location
formation B-Process
and O
development B-Process
, O
a O
specific O
biological O
process O
with O
great O
relevance O
in O
cork B-Species
oak I-Species
. O

Its O
expression O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
is O
about O
37 O
% O
of O
that O
in O
leaves B-Location
. O

Programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
of O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
as O
a O
paradigm O
in O
plants O
. O

In O
the O
current O
study O
, O
we O
isolated O
and O
characterized O
the O
maize B-Species
wilty5 B-CommonName
( O
wi5 B-CommonName
) O
mutant O
, O
which O
exhibits O
marked O
dwarfing O
and O
chronic O
leaf B-Location
wilting B-Process
, O
even O
under O
normal O
growth O
conditions O
. O

2010 O
) O
, O
Ta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CCR1 I-CommonName
( O
Ma O
2007 O
) O
TaCCR2 B-CommonName
kinetic O
CCR3 B-CommonName
( O
Bi O
et O
al O
. O

Cells O
were O
then O
harvested O
and O
frozen O
at O
- O
20 O
deg O
C O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
TDIF B-CommonName
signaling O
is O
enhanced O
in O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
nac048 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
, O
con O
fi O
rming O
that O
XVP B-CommonName
and O
NAC048 B-CommonName
func O
- O
tion O
redundantly O
as O
repressors O
of O
TDIF B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

Compared O
with O
fungal O
laccase B-CommonName
, O
ApLac B-CommonName
exhibited O
relatively O
weak O
oxi O
- O
dative O
ability O
against O
phenolic B-Compound
lignin B-Compound
model O
compounds O
, O
which O
may O
result O
from O
the O
lower O
redox O
potential O
of O
T1 O
Cu O
in O
ApLac B-CommonName
30 O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Optimisation O
of O
methods O
for O
Agrobacterium O
rhizogenes O
mediated O
generation O
of O
composite O
plants O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
camaldulensis I-Species
. O

We O
also O
included O
a O
transcriptional O
analysis O
performed O
on O
isoxaben B-Compound
- O
habituated O
cells O
( O
Man O
fi O
eld O
et O
al O
. O

Construction O
of O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
overexpression O
vector O
and O
complementation O
of O
the O
nst1nst3 O
double O
mutant O
To O
construct O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
overexpression O
vector O
, O
the O
full O
- O
length O
cDNA O
was O
subcloned O
into O
pBI121 O
. O

3 O
| O
Induced O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
nst1 B-CommonName
nst3 B-CommonName
NST3pro O
: O
: O
erF035 B-CommonName
- O
VP16 O
plant O
stems B-Location
are O
similar O
to O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

The O
tracks O
of O
CESA7 B-CommonName
were O
more O
difficult O
to O
discern O
because O
of O
their O
higher O
density O
( O
Fig O
. O

Figure O
3 O
Native O
expression O
for O
poplar B-Species
homologs O
for O
recovered O
FLcDNAs O
is O
often O
greatest O
in O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Johansson O
MH O
, O
Samuelson O
O O
( O
1977 O
) O
Reducing O
end O
groups O
in O
birch O
xylan B-Compound
and O
their O
alkaline O
degradation B-Process
. O

The O
resin B-Location
canals I-Location
distributed O
in O
secondary B-Location
vascular I-Location
structures O
can O
be O
divided O
into O
transverse O
and O
vertical O
resin B-Location
canals I-Location
. O

Dataset O
5 O
: O
GinFT O
1122 O
genes O
showing O
| O
FC O
> O
2 O
| O
and O
P O
value O
< O
0 O
. O
1 O
are O
listed O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
STL B-CommonName
and O
Got1p B-CommonName
proteins O
showed O
homo O
- O
dimerization O
capability O
, O
which O
served O
as O
a O
positive O
control O
for O
the O
constructs O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
rate O
of O
air O
flow O
depends O
on O
the O
resistance O
offered O
by O
the O
total O
surface O
area O
of O
the O
fibers B-Location
which O
is O
related O
to O
the O
linear O
density O
as O
well O
as O
the O
thick O
- O
ness O
of O
the O
fiber B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Total O
protein O
was O
extracted O
( O
66 O
) O
, O
and O
protein O
pellets O
were O
resuspended O
in O
dilute O
PBS O
containing O
1 O
% O
SDS O
. O

The O
difference O
in O
the O
absorbance O
value O
for O
each O
peak O
was O
tested O
with O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
. O

In B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
phenotypes O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
and O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
R3 O
m O
overexpression O
lines O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
knat7 B-CommonName
mutant O
backgrounds O
. O

Among O
them O
, O
104 O
are O
common O
in O
three O
tissues O
( O
Fig O
. O

Comparison O
of O
BSA O
, O
SG O
and O
CSA O
BSA O
detected O
one O
clear O
polymorphic O
marker O
, O
U10 O
- O
1500 O
on O
linkage O
group O
7 O
. O

Hydraulic O
measurements O
Stem B-Location
hydraulic O
conductivity O
and O
vulnerability O
to O
cavitation O
were O
measured O
following O
the O
standard O
methodology O
described O
in O
detail O
in O
Hacke O
et O
al O
. O

Tissue O
- O
specific O
impulse O
response O
of O
gene O
expression O
Seven O
clusters O
of O
DE O
genes O
displayed O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
impulse O
responses O
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
. O

Understanding O
factors O
that O
limit O
enzymatic O
hydrolysis B-Process
of O
biomass O
. O

All O
the O
samples O
were O
additionally O
analysed O
by O
2 O
% O
agarose O
gel O
electrophoresis O
to O
check O
the O
speci O
fi O
ty O
of O
the O
ampli O
fi O
cation O
. O

The O
microtu O
- O
bule O
- O
associated O
protein O
AtMAP70 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
regulates O
secondary B-Location
wall I-Location
patterning B-Process
in O
arabidopsis B-Species
wood B-Compound
cells O
. O

E O
: O
A O
single O
cell O
of O
a O
control O
seedling O
, O
showing O
AFs O
with O
a O
regular O
arrangement O
. O

2C O
, O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
SCWs B-Compound
) O
in O
TW O
were O
almost O
all O
stained O
bluish O
green O
, O
whereas O
those O
in O
NW O
were O
almost O
all O
red O
( O
Fig O
. O

Total O
RNA O
used O
for O
analyzing O
the O
expression O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
genes O
was O
extracted O
from O
stem B-Location
segment O
of O
the O
12th O
internode B-Location
of O
WT O
and O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
. O

2013 O
, O
Escamilla O
- O
Trevin O
~ O
o O
et O
al O
. O

Three O
independent O
exper O
- O
imental O
trials O
were O
conducted O
with O
at O
least O
16 O
seedlings O
for O
each O
treatment O
in O
each O
trial O
. O

( O
c O
) O
Leaf B-Location
length O
measure O
measurement O
. O

dosa00100 O
Steroid O
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
2 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os01t0210900 O
- O
01 O
Os01g0210900 O
; O
Cytochrome B-CommonName
P450 I-CommonName
family O
protein O
. O

Additional O
negative O
controls O
include O
GST O
( O
asterisk O
) O
incubated O
with O
GFP O
- O
M4K B-CommonName
and O
GST O
incubated O
with O
GFP O
. O

Numbers O
in O
parentheses O
indicate O
proportion O
of O
dataset O
variance O
explained O
by O
indi O
- O
vidual O
principal O
components O
. O

Possibly O
, O
this O
is O
due O
to O
that O
the O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
( O
c O
) O
( O
d O
) O
( O
e O
) O
Figure O
5 O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
inhibits O
root B-Location
meristem I-Location
activity O
in O
Populus B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

At O
least O
five O
different O
plants O
were O
used O
, O
and O
50 O
fibers O
from O
each O
plant O
were O
measured O
using O
a O
light O
microscope O
, O
and O
the O
data O
were O
analyzed O
for O
significant O
differences O
using O
SPSS O
19 O
. O
0 O
( O
IBM O
) O
with O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
. O

2012 O
) O
on O
phenotypic O
variation O
is O
not O
Figure O
5 O
Multi O
- O
locus O
single O
nucleotide O
polymorphism O
( O
SNP O
) O
models O
explain O
a O
large O
percentage O
of O
the O
phenotypic O
variance O
for O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
the O
Populus B-Species
tomentosa I-Species
association O
population O
. O

LTF1 B-CommonName
degradation B-Process
is O
induced O
by O
wounding O
. O

37 O
| O
E8785 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
exons O
of O
D O
in O
a O
74LH3213 O
genetic O
background O
( O
Fig O
. O

De O
novo O
assembly O
of O
human O
genomes O
with O
massively O
parallel O
short O
read O
sequencing O
. O

The O
same O
regions O
of O
interest O
( O
ROIs O
) O
were O
used O
for O
FRAP O
experiments O
. O

The O
colour O
bar O
represents O
the O
gradient O
of O
- O
log O
10 O
( O
P O
) O
, O
where O
P O
is O
the O
enrichment O
of O
a O
p O
value O
computed O
by O
DAVID O
. O

( O
Bar O
= O
500nm O
) O
Transmission O
Electron O
Microscopy O
of O
the O
the O
subcellular O
structures O
of O
a O
sample O
collected O
from O
position O
3 O
in O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
- O
delta O
NES O
OE O
line O
stem B-Location
( O
detailed O
description O
of O
sampling O
process O
see O
Figure O
7 O
and O
text O
in O
the O
" O
result O
" O
session O
) O
. O

( O
C O
) O
High O
magni O
fi O
cation O
of O
a O
leaf B-Location
section O
showing O
intense O
and O
speci O
fi O
c O
GUS O
staining O
in O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Jiang O
) O
, O
chenfd O
@ O
njau O
. O
edu O
. O
cn O
( O
F O
. O

S4 O
) O
, O
which O
shows O
42 O
% O
amino O
acid O
identity O
( O
52 O
% O
similarity O
) O
with O
D O
. O

Results O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
is O
highly O
conserved O
in O
a O
range O
of O
plant O
species O
. O

The O
lowest O
10 O
cm O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
was O
chopped O
in O
2 O
- O
mm O
pieces O
. O

The O
modi O
fi O
ed O
GX B-Compound
polymer O
through O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppression O
was O
more O
susceptible O
to O
acid O
treatment O
and O
the O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
displayed O
enhanced O
cellulose B-Compound
digestibility O
. O

Stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
of O
6 O
- O
wk O
- O
old O
poplar B-Species
plants O
cultivated O
in O
soil O
were O
collected O
for O
RNA O
extraction O
. O

Results O
of O
these O
analyses O
clearly O
indicate O
that O
the O
intended O
changes O
in O
wood B-Compound
chemistry O
were O
stronger O
when O
the O
GT43B B-CommonName
promoter O
was O
used O
in O
the O
vector O
than O
when O
the O
35S O
promoter O
was O
used O
. O

Microscopic O
image O
analysis O
For O
light O
microscopy O
, O
stems B-Location
of O
VIGS O
plants O
were O
cut O
at O
the O
third O
internode B-Location
from O
the O
base O
of O
plants O
with O
seven O
intern O
- O
odes O
and O
were O
fi O
xed O
in O
4 O
% O
PFA O
( O
paraformaldehyde O
) O
solution O
overnight O
. O

Identifying O
regulatory O
elements O
in O
eukaryotic O
genomes O
. O

BW O
performed O
the O
complementation O
experiment O
. O

30 O
- O
fold O
, O
relative O
to O
expression O
in O
other O
tissues O
) O
, O
and O
GT43C B-CommonName
and O
GT43D B-CommonName
( O
IRX14 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
IRX14L I-CommonName
clade O
) O
transcripts O
less O
strongly O
enriched O
( O
ca O
. O

Cytoplasmic O
geometry O
constrains O
randomly O
distributed O
Golgi O
stacks O
to O
regions O
near O
SCWs B-Compound
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
the O
residues O
in O
the O
Myb B-CommonName
domain O
of O
maize B-Species
C1 O
that O
specify O
the O
interaction O
with O
the O
bHLH B-CommonName
cofactor O
R O
. O

Resinols O
( O
b O
- O
b O
- O
coupled O
units O
) O
mostly O
arise O
from O
the O
dimerization O
of O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
. O

doi O
: O
van O
Doorn O
, O
Beers O
EP O
, O
Dangl O
JL O
, O
et O
al O
( O
2011 O
) O
Morphological O
classification O
of O
plant O
cell O
deaths O
. O

Therefore O
, O
this O
domain O
could O
be O
involved O
with O
transcription O
factors O
involved O
in O
both O
the O
decrease O
and O
increase O
of O
RW O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Important O
domains O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
protein O
. O

Arabinogalactan O
proteins O
are O
a O
highly O
diverse O
class O
of O
cell O
surface O
proteoglycans B-Compound
commonly O
found O
in O
the O
PCWs B-Compound
of O
most O
plant O
species O
. O

The O
recombinant O
protein O
was O
detected O
by O
western O
- O
blotting O
using O
primary O
antibody O
against O
polyhistidine O
which O
was O
later O
detected O
by O
a O
secondary O
- O
antibody O
conjugated O
with O
alkaline O
- O
phosphatase O
. O

Error O
bars O
represent O
SD O
of O
three O
technical O
replicates O
( O
individual O
assays O
) O
. O

However O
, O
the O
level O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
transcripts O
was O
the O
same O
as O
that O
of O
the O
2 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
plants O
in O
the O
phytotron O
( O
Figure O
2G O
) O
. O

WRKY15 B-CommonName
Is O
Important O
for O
the O
Proper O
Differentiation B-Process
of O
TEs B-Location
To O
con O
fi O
rm O
the O
role O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
in O
TE B-Location
differentiation B-Process
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
we O
also O
expressed O
the O
dominant O
- O
negative O
version O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
protein O
driven O
by O
dexamethasone O
( O
DEX O
) O
- O
inducible O
promoter O
and O
native O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

Black O
box O
indicates O
exon O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
. O

( O
h O
) O
qPCR O
analysis O
of O
phenypropa O
- O
noid O
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
plants O
. O

Natural O
variations O
and O
genome O
- O
wide O
association O
studies O
in O
crop O
plants O
. O

1998 O
) O
, O
the O
less O
active O
para O
- O
logue O
might O
still O
become O
important O
when O
the O
enzyme O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
the O
most O
active O
gene O
is O
decreased O
. O

The O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
typical O
grass O
plants O
contain O
approximately O
55 O
% O
hemicellulose B-Compound
, O
25 O
% O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
and O
only O
10 O
% O
pectin B-Compound
. O

The O
change O
in O
the O
planar O
shape O
of O
active O
ROP O
domains O
is O
consis O
- O
tent O
with O
the O
change O
in O
shape O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
in O
IQD13 B-CommonName
knockdown O
and O
overexpression O
plants O
( O
Figure O
1 O
) O
. O

All O
predicted O
gene O
models O
with O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
Blast O
hit O
were O
translated O
to O
protein O
sequences O
, O
and O
aligned O
in O
CLCbio O
with O
protein O
sequences O
from O
monocot O
, O
dicot O
and O
gymnosperm O
species O
. O

( O
Scale O
bars O
: O
100 O
mu O
m O
. O
) O
( O
G O
) O
Projection O
of O
a O
confocal O
stack O
through O
the O
differ O
- O
entiation O
zone O
before O
maturation B-Process
of O
the O
casparian O
strip O
of O
a O
pRLP44 O
: O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
root B-Location
showing O
fluorescence O
predominantly O
in O
the O
stele B-Location
. O

To O
monitor O
the O
potential O
effects O
of O
the O
sampling O
procedure O
( O
sample O
blocks O
from O
different O
individual O
trees O
each O
time O
) O
, O
one O
tree O
per O
clone O
was O
selected O
to O
repeatedly O
extract O
small O
cores O
( O
microcores O
) O
at O
breast O
height O
. O

This O
was O
due O
to O
the O
signi O
fi O
cant O
increase O
in O
the O
level O
of O
G O
units O
and O
decrease O
of O
the O
level O
of O
S O
units O
in O
the O
sub O
- O
structures O
A O
, O
B O
and O
C O
in O
the O
lignins B-Compound
. O

ZmNST3 B-CommonName
fused O
to O
6x O
His O
was O
purified O
using O
a O
HisTrapTM O
FF O
crude O
column O
( O
Code O
No O
. O

Scale O
bars O
, O
10 O
mm O
( O
A O
) O
; O
0 O
. O
5 O
mm O
( O
B O
) O
. O

bescii I-Species
in O
a O
bioassay O
to O
examine O
the O
impacts O
of O
lignin B-Compound
modification B-Process
in O
HCT B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
plants O
on O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
in O
the O
context O
of O
accessibility O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
to O
microbial O
deconstruction O
. O

The O
full O
- O
length O
amino O
acid O
sequences O
were O
subjected O
to O
PhyML O
. O

This O
is O
in O
part O
due O
to O
the O
fact O
that O
multiple O
genotypes O
were O
used O
to O
assemble O
the O
EST O
resource O
and O
about O
10 O
% O
of O
MYBs B-CommonName
from O
the O
unitranscripts O
are O
attributed O
to O
the O
Kanlow O
cultivar O
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
: O
simple O
ligand O
, O
complex O
regulation O
. O

Plant O
transformation O
of O
tobacco B-Species
( O
N B-Species
. I-Species

O O
, O
C O
, O
D O
1 O
4 O
Proportion O
of O
reads O
( O
% O
) O
no O
feature O
alignment O
not O
unique O
counted O
unmapped O
0 O
20 O
40 O
60 O
80 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
1 O
. O

CbuCOMT B-CommonName
s O
belonged O
to O
groups O
I O
, O
II O
, O
and O
III O
. O

ReSUlTS O
Functional O
Gene O
Groups O
Preferentially O
expressed O
During O
Xylogenesis B-Process
in O
Pioneer O
Roots B-Location
A O
poplar B-Species
microarray O
was O
used O
to O
conduct O
a O
gene O
expression O
analysis O
of O
three O
pioneer O
root B-Location
segments O
representing O
the O
different O
stages O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
to O
identify O
genes O
controlling O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

( O
C O
) O
Coimmunoprecipitation O
assay O
showing O
the O
interaction O
between O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
and O
ERECTA B-CommonName
in O
leaves B-Location
of O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Mapping O
studies O
in O
cotton B-Species
have O
also O
shown O
close O
linkage O
or O
common O
genetic O
control O
of O
leaf B-Location
trichomes I-Location
and O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
( O
Desai O
et O
al O
. O

The O
DUF288 O
pfam O
contains O
two O
Arabidopsis B-Species
proteins O
, O
At2g41770 O
and O
At3g57420 O
, O
which O
we O
named O
STL1 B-CommonName
and O
STL2 B-CommonName
. O

MissForest O
- O
non O
- O
parametric O
missing O
value O
imputation O
for O
mixed O
- O
type O
data O
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
PdCESA8 B-CommonName
, O
PdGT47C B-CommonName
and O
PdCOMT2 B-CommonName
promoters O
can O
be O
suppressed O
by O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mesophyll B-Location
protoplasts O
( O
Fig O
. O

Each O
sample O
was O
assayed O
in O
three O
biological O
and O
three O
technical O
replicates O
. O

PpCESA B-CommonName
promoters O
were O
cloned O
into O
pDONR O
P1 O
- O
P5r O
and O
GUS O
and O
PpCESA5 B-CommonName
coding O
sequences O
were O
cloned O
into O
pDONR O
P5 O
- O
P2 O
using O
BP O
Clonase O
II O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

Go O
analysis O
of O
MYB B-CommonName
proteins O
suggested O
that O
98 O
. O
7 O
% O
OsMYB O
involved O
in O
transcription O
activation O
( O
Katiyar O
et O
al O
. O

The O
objective O
of O
this O
study O
was O
to O
characterise O
the O
family O
members O
of O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
in O
L B-Species
. I-Species

( O
2009 O
) O
GRAS B-CommonName
- O
domain O
transcription O
factors O
that O
regulate O
plant O
development B-Process
. O

( O
G O
- O
I O
) O
Trichomes B-Location
showing O
lack O
of O
GUS O
expression O
. O

Aligning O
sequence O
reads O
, O
clone O
sequences O
and O
assembly O
con O
- O
tigs O
with O
BWA O
- O
MEM O
. O

Poplar B-Species
is O
in O
the O
family O
Salicaceae O
, O
which O
lies O
within O
the O
eurosid O
II O
clade O
, O
and O
shared O
a O
common O
ancestor O
with O
Arabidopsis B-Species
approximately O
100 O
million O
years O
ago O
[ O
53 O
] O
. O

Daily O
average O
gross O
primary O
productivity O
( O
GPP O
, O
gC O
m O
2 O
d O
1 O
) O
was O
esti O
- O
mated O
using O
the O
model O
established O
by O
Christina O
et O
al O
. O

EM1 O
thus O
represents O
the O
late O
stages O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
highlighting O
the O
metabolic O
coordination O
of O
substrate O
utilization O
and O
structural O
requirements O
for O
monolignol B-Compound
produc O
- O
tion O
and O
polymerization B-Process
into O
lignin B-Compound
as O
well O
as O
a O
potential O
associa O
- O
tion O
between O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
. O

The O
infected O
leaves B-Location
were O
drained O
and O
dried O
with O
a O
sterile O
paper O
towel O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
PaMC4 B-CommonName
showed O
high O
and O
nearly O
constant O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
over O
the O
course O
of O
the O
year O
, O
suggesting O
that O
this O
gene O
does O
not O
encode O
a O
protein O
that O
would O
be O
involved O
in O
tracheid B-Location
PCD B-Process
or O
that O
its O
possible O
function O
in O
this O
process O
is O
not O
controlled O
at O
the O
transcriptional O
level O
. O

This O
effect O
was O
a O
result O
of O
modi O
fi O
cation O
PAD4 B-CommonName
, O
LSD1 B-CommonName
and O
EDS1 B-CommonName
gene O
expression O
, O
however O
the O
highest O
increase O
of O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
and O
/ O
or O
cellulose B-Compound
decline O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
case O
of O
LSD1 B-CommonName
de O
fi O
ciency O
. O

Three O
technical O
replicates O
of O
each O
biological O
replica O
were O
used O
for O
each O
treatment O
. O

Expression O
patterns O
of O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
Toward O
the O
end O
of O
elongation B-Process
, O
the O
expression O
of O
genes O
required O
for O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
is O
down O
regulated O
( O
for O
examples O
see O
Arpat O
et O
al O
. O

Integrity O
of O
RNA O
was O
confirmed O
by O
2 O
% O
agarose O
gel O
, O
and O
RNA O
concentrations O
quantified O
with O
a O
Nanodrop O
2000 O
spectrophotometer O
. O

Together O
, O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
results O
support O
a O
role O
for O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
vessel B-Location
formation B-Process
, O
and O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
fibre I-Location
and O
vessel B-Location
deposition B-Process
. O

bungei I-Species
data O
that O
annotated O
according O
to O
the O
C B-Species
. I-Species

The O
lack O
of O
thick O
walls B-Compound
in O
these O
young O
trichomes B-Location
was O
con O
fi O
rmed O
by O
the O
absence O
of O
wall B-Compound
birefringence O
in O
polarization O
microscopy O
( O
Figure O
1R O
- O
V O
) O
, O
whereas O
the O
thick O
walls B-Compound
of O
mature B-Location
trichomes I-Location
were O
bright O
blue O
when O
photographed O
under O
identical O
optical O
conditions O
( O
Figure O
1W O
) O
. O

Further O
identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
the O
factors O
that O
act O
together O
or O
sequentially O
with O
the O
GhHOX3 B-CommonName
- O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
complex O
will O
shed O
new O
light O
on O
the O
regulatory O
network O
that O
coordinates O
plant O
cell O
growth B-Process
, O
wall B-Compound
expansion B-Process
, O
and O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

sativa I-Species
were O
also O
frequently O
grouped O
in O
a O
branch O
( O
Fig O
. O

Further O
fragments O
can O
be O
explained O
by O
the O
cleavage O
of O
the O
( O
8 O
- O
O O
- O
4 O
) O
structure O
. O

Rasmussen O
S O
, O
Dixon O
RA O
( O
1999 O
) O
Transgene O
- O
mediated O
and O
elicitor O
- O
induced O
perturbation O
of O
metabolic O
channeling O
at O
the O
entry O
point O
into O
the O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
signals O
did O
not O
uniformly O
decorate O
the O
cortical O
microtubules O
but O
rather O
accumulated O
at O
some O
domains O
along O
the O
cortical O
microtubules O
. O

f O
Expression O
levels O
of O
OsCYP96B4 B-CommonName
in O
WT O
plants O
with O
empty O
vector O
( O
left O
) O
and O
the O
interference O
fragment O
of O
OsCYP96B4 B-CommonName
( O
right O
) O
750 O
Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
( O
2016 O
) O
35 O
: O
745 O
- O
755 O
123 O
speci O
fi O
cally O
in O
the O
cells O
surrounding O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
of O
sheath B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Keywords O
Cellulose B-Compound
Lignin B-Compound
Rice B-Species
Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
Silicon O
Introduction O
Silicon O
( O
Si O
) O
is O
the O
second O
most O
abundant O
element O
in O
soil O
, O
after O
oxygen O
. O

( O
2018 O
) O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
positively O
regulates O
xylan B-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
by O
directly O
activating O
IRX9 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Generally O
, O
higher O
mass O
remained O
after O
completed O
thermodegradation O
process O
( O
TG O
, O
% O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

Equal O
amounts O
of O
solubilized O
cell B-Location
walls I-Location
of O
two O
control O
( O
a O
and O
b O
) O
and O
54 O
two O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgenic O
aspens O
( O
c O
and O
d O
) O
were O
examined O
. O

Fluorescence O
signals O
( O
excita O
- O
tion O
= O
488 O
nm O
and O
emission O
= O
509 O
nm O
for O
EGFP O
, O
UV O
for O
DAPI O
) O
in O
the O
transformed O
protoplasts O
were O
examined O
using O
a O
spectral O
microscope O
. O

Differences O
in O
' O
normalized O
relative O
expression O
' O
were O
analyzed O
by O
ANOVA O
followed O
by O
Tukey O
' O
s O
HSD O
test O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

In O
the O
four O
- O
species O
phylogenic O
reconstruction O
, O
the O
SWAM B-CommonName
subclade O
includes O
two O
P B-Species
. I-Species

outer O
periclinal O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
E O
) O
and O
RPS5a O
> O
Dex O
> O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
[ O
N125I O
] O
( O
F O
) O
roots B-Location
. O

Knocking O
- O
out O
GXMT B-CommonName
/ O
GXM B-CommonName
genes O
including O
At1g33800 O
, O
At4g09990 O
and O
At1g09610 O
results O
in O
a O
reduction O
in O
GX B-Compound
methylation B-Process
( O
Urbanowicz O
et O
al O
. O

The O
plates O
were O
placed O
vertically O
on O
a O
rack O
so O
that O
the O
roots B-Location
grew O
downward O
on O
the O
surface O
of O
the O
growth B-Process
medium O
. O

Mean O
values O
+ O
- O
SE O
( O
n O
> O
= O
6 O
) O
from O
a O
representative O
experiment O
are O
shown O
. O

Seasonal O
expression O
variability O
of O
mRNA O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Digestive O
weight O
loss O
when O
the O
prepared O
wood B-Compound
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
treated O
with O
2 O
mg O
ml O
1 O
of O
cellulase O
for O
72 O
h O
at O
37 O
C O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
NAC45 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
86 I-CommonName
direct O
sieve B-Location
element I-Location
morphogenesis B-Process
culminating O
in O
enucleation O
. O

SAS O
, O
1988 O
SAS O
/ O
STAT O
User O
' O
s O
Guide O
, O
version O
6 O
. O
03 O
. O

3 O
Supplementary O
Figure O
3 O
| O
Alignment O
of O
BS1 B-CommonName
and O
SGNH B-CommonName
proteins O
identified O
in O
plants O
. O

The O
high O
number O
of O
noncoding O
transcripts O
that O
align O
to O
the O
genome O
combined O
with O
the O
extremely O
high O
number O
of O
transcripts O
in O
total O
highlight O
the O
extensive O
challenge O
faced O
in O
using O
a O
de O
novo O
- O
based O
approach O
for O
such O
analyses O
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
. O

CWA1 B-CommonName
/ O
BC1 B-CommonName
expression O
is O
intense O
from O
cell O
the O
elongation B-Process
stage O
to O
the O
early O
stage O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Etiolated O
rice B-Species
seedlings O
for O
generating O
protoplast O
cells O
were O
grown O
in O
a O
dark O
growth B-Process
chamber O
at O
28 O
C O
. O

Accepted O
Article O
stomatal O
conductance O
, O
impaired O
photosynthesis B-Process
and O
reduced O
growth B-Process
rates O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
constructed O
with O
the O
neighbor O
- O
joining O
algorithm O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Down O
- O
regulation O
of O
four O
putative O
arabinoxylan B-CommonName
feruloyltransferase I-CommonName
genes I-CommonName
from O
family O
PF02458 O
reduces O
ester O
- O
linked O
ferulate O
content O
in O
rice B-Species
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

To O
examine O
at O
which O
point O
the O
amorphous O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
the O
cwa1 B-CommonName
mutant O
develops O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
cortical B-Location
Wber I-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
in O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
cwa1 B-CommonName
internodes B-Location
at O
diVerent O
developmental O
stages O
. O

Table O
5 O
The O
coe O
ffi O
cient O
matrix O
of O
chemical O
composition O
and O
wood B-Compound
property O
parameters O
in O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
. O

Over O
- O
expression O
of O
poplar B-Species
transcription O
factor O
ERF76 B-CommonName
gene O
confers O
salt O
tolerance O
in O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
. O

( O
1999 O
) O
GRC5 B-CommonName
and O
NMD3 B-CommonName
function O
in O
translational O
control O
of O
gene O
expression O
and O
interact O
genetically O
. O

truncatula I-Species
is O
also O
grown O
in O
rotation O
with O
cereal O
crops O
for O
improving O
soil O
quality O
[ O
10 O
] O
. O

25 O
) O
( O
ovule B-Location
- O
specific O
, O
active O
from O
- O
2 O
to O
30 O
DPA O
) O
; O
( O
ii O
) O
Lefsm1 B-CommonName
( O
ref O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Diagram O
to O
show O
the O
retained O
intron O
in O
the O
bs1 B-CommonName
gene O
. O

Quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
UBQ10 O
expression O
was O
performed O
as O
a O
control O
. O

S2 O
GUS O
activity O
assay O
in O
wild O
type O
banana B-Species
and O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
harboring O
P O
CaMV35S O
: O
: O
GUS O
. O

Multiple O
sequence O
alignment O
analyses O
revealed O
Mao O
et O
al O
. O

coli O
and O
examined O
their O
stability O
in O
cell O
lysates O
isolated O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
Populus B-Species
grown O
in O
a O
glasshouse O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
salt O
exposure O
reduced O
the O
pCA O
content O
esterified O
to O
AX B-Compound
only O
in O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
( O
- O
34 O
% O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

Acknowledgements O
- O
The O
authors O
thank O
Dr O
. O

The O
PCR O
product O
( O
618 O
nt O
) O
was O
resolved O
by O
agarose O
gel O
electrophoresis O
. O

contributed O
new O
reagents O
/ O
analytic O
tools O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os01t0326300 O
- O
01 O
Os01g0326300 O
; O
Haem O
peroxidase B-CommonName
, O
plant O
/ O
fungal O
/ O
bacterial O
family O
protein O
. O

Academic O
Press O
, O
New O
York O
, O
USA O
. O

As O
shown O
in O
Figure O
4C O
, O
DN O
plants O
contained O
a O
higher O
percentage O
of O
shorter O
fi O
- O
bers O
while O
OE O
plants O
had O
longer O
fibers B-Location
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

In O
maritime B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
Pinus B-Species
pinaster I-Species
Ait I-Species
. I-Species

RT O
was O
carried O
out O
on O
total O
RNA O
and O
cDNAs O
produced O
and O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
as O
indicated O
in O
Section O
4 O
. O

Determination O
of O
Auxin B-Compound
Content O
in O
the O
Basal O
Area O
of O
Floral B-Location
Stems I-Location
The O
indole B-Compound
- I-Compound
3 I-Compound
- I-Compound
acetic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
IAA B-Compound
) O
content O
of O
stem B-Location
( O
3 O
- O
cm O
fragments O
of O
three O
plants O
) O
was O
measured O
on O
two O
plant O
series O
. O

7 O
School O
of O
Biological O
Sciences O
, O
Seoul O
National O
University O
, O
Seoul O
, O
South O
Korea O
. O

New O
method O
for O
quantita O
- O
tive O
determination O
of O
uronic O
acids O
. O

Hence O
, O
inhibition O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
by O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
induced O
the O
expression O
of O
a O
common O
set O
of O
genes O
also O
upregulated O
in O
response O
to O
abiotic O
and O
biotic O
stress O
. O

Two O
- O
dimensional O
gel O
electrophoresis O
maps O
. O

The O
increased O
accumulation B-Process
of O
polysaccharide O
cargo O
in O
the O
cisternal O
periphery O
and O
TGN O
vesicles O
is O
also O
supported O
by O
the O
reduction O
in O
margin O
size O
in O
irx9 B-CommonName
Golgi O
. O

Thus O
, O
although O
atomic O
resolution O
structuresforCSCsandindividualCESAsarenotyetavailable O
, O
itis O
reasonable O
to O
predict O
that O
plant O
CESAs B-CommonName
use O
similar O
catalytic O
motifs O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
may O
use O
a O
similar O
glucan B-Compound
- O
translocating O
channel O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
chain O
translocation B-Process
of O
the O
PM O
. O

Treatment O
with O
GA B-Compound
expands O
the O
pPtrSND1 O
- O
1 O
expression O
pattern O
to O
one O
more O
similar O
to O
that O
of O
pAtSND1 O
while O
addition O
of O
NAA O
further O
restricts O
the O
expression O
pattern O
compared O
with O
DMSO O
treatment O
. O

We O
examined O
GX B-Compound
hydrolysis B-Process
during O
acid O
treatment O
and O
cellulose B-Compound
digestibility O
after O
the O
treatment O
. O

Cuttings O
were O
made O
in O
a O
microtome O
and O
dyed O
with O
toluidine B-Compound
blue I-Compound
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
MolProbity O
: O
all O
- O
atom O
contacts O
and O
structure O
val O
- O
idation O
for O
proteins O
and O
nucleic O
acids O
. O

PSKR1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
was O
already O
described O
in O
Ladwig O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2015 O
( O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
disappearance O
is O
recovered O
by O
the O
expression O
of O
NST3 B-CommonName
, O
ANAC075 B-CommonName
, O
and O
MYB46 B-CommonName
driven O
by O
NST3 B-CommonName
promoter O
, O
while O
SND2 B-CommonName
does O
not O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
A O
battery O
of O
transcription O
factors O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Specific O
BAHD B-CommonName
acyl I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
are O
involved O
in O
the O
feruloylation B-Process
of O
AXs B-Compound
in O
grasses O
, O
B B-Species
. I-Species

Our O
data O
indicate O
that O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
plays O
a O
role O
in O
regulating O
cell O
elongation B-Process
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
of O
wall B-Compound
- O
thickened O
cells O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Bold O
font O
indicates O
statistical O
signi O
fi O
cance O
at O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Genes O
of O
the O
most O
con O
- O
served O
WOX B-CommonName
clade O
in O
plants O
affect O
root B-Location
and O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
. O

Rbohs B-CommonName
have O
also O
been O
identified O
and O
investigated O
in O
many O
other O
plants O
such O
as O
tobacco B-Species
, O
potato B-Species
, O
tomato B-Species
, O
Medicago B-Species
and O
maize B-Species
. O

R4pGWB401 O
destination O
vector O
modified O
to O
include O
the O
Supplementary O
Table O
4 O
. O

Microtubules O
, O
signalling O
and O
abiotic O
stress O
. O

Rather O
than O
shoot B-Location
trichomes I-Location
, O
arabidopsis B-Species
xylem B-Location
( O
and O
similar O
cortical B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
) O
is O
the O
preferred O
model O
for O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
stage O
of O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
. O

The O
lignocellulosic O
SCW B-Compound
of O
cotton B-Species
xylem B-Location
appears O
to O
be O
achieved O
differently O
from O
that O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
means O
are O
indicated O
above O
each O
bar O
. O

Next O
, O
we O
crossed O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
and O
analyzed O
the O
segregation O
of O
dry O
- O
and O
juicy O
- O
stem B-Location
traits O
in O
the O
F O
2 O
population O
. O

The O
gene O
is O
preferentially O
expressed O
in O
floral B-Location
buds I-Location
. O

Lack O
of O
expression O
of O
other O
lignin B-Compound
- O
specific O
MYBs B-CommonName
in O
seed B-Location
fibre I-Location
relative O
to O
xylem B-Location
could O
account O
for O
the O
lack O
of O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
seed B-Location
fibre I-Location
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
strand O
cDNA O
was O
synthesized O
from O
1 O
mg O
of O
total O
RNA O
using O
Omniscript O
reverse O
transcription O
kit O
( O
Qiagen O
) O
. O

Previous O
work O
has O
shown O
that O
the O
RNAi O
suppression O
of O
COMT B-CommonName
in O
sugarcane B-Species
resulted O
in O
decreased O
lignin B-Compound
and O
altered O
S O
: O
G O
ratio O
( O
Bewg O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

The O
gradual O
loss O
of O
tdTomato O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
signal O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
indicated O
that O
it O
might O
be O
degraded O
. O

Bonawitz O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Disruption O
of O
Mediator O
rescues O
the O
stunted O
growth O
of O
a O
lignin B-Compound
- O
deficient O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mutant O
. O

The O
rate O
of O
glucose B-Compound
release O
was O
calculated O
from O
the O
detected O
data O
by O
the O
ion O
chromatography O
system O
. O

sachalinensis O
Masters O
) O
, O
the O
alignments O
of O
microtubule O
arrays O
and O
MFs O
on O
the O
innermost O
surfaces O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
layers O
have O
been O
shown O
to O
change O
in O
a O
similar O
manner O
( O
Abe O
et O
al O
. O

Vessel B-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
re O
- O
introduction O
of O
CINNAMOYL B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
COA I-CommonName
REDUCTASE1 I-CommonName
( O
CCR1 B-CommonName
) O
in O
dwarfed O
ccr1 B-CommonName
mutants O
restores O
vessel B-Location
and O
xylary B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
integrity O
and O
increases O
biomass O
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
resistance O
of O
the O
transgenic O
seeds B-Location
and O
seedlings O
to O
the O
sub O
- O
lethal O
salt O
stress O
are O
directly O
correlated O
to O
the O
changes O
in O
incorporation O
of O
aro O
- O
matics O
in O
polyester B-Compound
polymers O
. O

Two O
days O
after O
infiltration O
, O
the O
leaf B-Location
samples O
were O
harvested O
and O
inoculated O
with O
2 O
u O
M O
estradiol O
to O
simultaneously O
express O
the O
introduced O
genes O
. O

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS O
We O
thank O
Courtney O
Canning O
and O
Annie O
Mix O
at O
the O
Institute O
of O
Forest O
Genetics O
for O
their O
help O
in O
maintaining O
the O
greenhouse O
experiment O
. O

A O
Proposed O
Model O
for O
the O
Role O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
Phosphorylation B-Process
Mediated O
by O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
in O
the O
Regulation O
of O
Lignin B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Site O
- O
directed O
mutagenesis O
studies O
identified O
Glu O
- O
128 O
and O
Glu O
- O
236 O
as O
essential O
residues O
in O
the O
active O
site O
of O
xylanase B-CommonName
A I-CommonName
from O
Streptomyces B-Species
lividans I-Species
. O

This O
collection O
was O
filtered O
by O
a O
selection O
of O
genes O
with O
high O
regulation O
by O
biotic O
and O
abiotic O
stresses O
and O
tissue O
expression O
characteristics O
, O
which O
reduced O
the O
number O
to O
~ O
2000 O
genes O
. O

An O
electrophoretic O
mobility O
shift O
assay O
( O
EMSA O
) O
using O
the O
GhFSN1 B-CommonName
and O
GhCESA7 B-CommonName
promoter O
fragments O
showed O
that O
GhTCP4A B-CommonName
indeed O
bound O
to O
the O
promoters O
of O
these O
genes O
( O
Figure O
6F O
and O
Supplemental O
Figure O
16 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
binding O
reaction O
was O
an O
endothermic O
process O
, O
as O
determined O
by O
an O
isothermal O
titration O
calorimetry O
( O
ITC O
) O
assay O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
16C O
) O
. O

( O
PM O
) O
/ O
Cytosol O
Y O
S O
I O
G O
Y O
C O
K O
V O
L O
H O
K O
A O
R O
Y O
G O
G O
I O
A O
R O
K O
D O
L O
P O
V O
S O
BdCCR1 O
E O
. O
R O
. O
/ O
Cytosol O
Y O
S O
I O
G O
Y O
C O
K O
V O
L O
H O
K O
A O
R O
Y O
G O
G O
I O
A O
R O
K O
D O
L O
P O
V O
S O
OsCCR2 B-CommonName
Cytosol O
Y O
S O
I O
G O
Y O
C O
K O
V O
L O
H O
K O
A O
R O
Y O
G O
G O
I O
A O
R O
K O
D O
L O
P O
V O
S O
Y O
S O
I O
G O
Y O
C O
K O
V O
L O
H O
K O
A O
R O
Y O
G O
G O
I O
A O
R O
K O
D O
L O
P O

V O
S O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
70 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
100 O
TaCCR1 B-CommonName
Developmental O
Feruloyl B-Compound
CoA I-Compound
Cytosol O
Y O
S O
I O
G O
Y O
C O
K O
V O
L O
H O
K O
A O
R O
Y O
G O
G O
I O
A O
R O
K O
D O
L O
P O
V O
S O
HvCCR1 B-CommonName
Cytosol O
/ B-CommonName
E I-CommonName
. O
R O
. O

The O
Plant O
Journal O
64 O
, O
56 O
- O
70 O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

On O
the O
contrary O
, O
the O
ratios O
of O
vessel B-Location
area O
to O
total O
area O
in O
C11 O
and O
C18 O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
smaller O
than O
those O
in O
WT O
and O
F11 O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Biosynthesis B-Process
of O
the O
immunosuppres O
- O
sants O
FK506 O
, O
FK520 O
, O
and O
rapamycin O
involves O
a O
previously O
undescribed O
family O
of O
enzymes O
acting O
on O
chorismate B-Compound
. O

Co O
- O
expressions O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
nRFP O
with O
cRFP O
and O
nRFP O
with O
TT8 B-CommonName
- O
cRFP O
were O
used O
as O
negative O
controls O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Decay O
of O
linkage O
disequilibrium O
( O
LD O
) O
across O
all O
the O
tagged O
genomic O
sequences O
, O
the O
majority O
being O
exonic O
regions O
. O

This O
speculation O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
induction O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
by O
the O
phloem B-Location
- O
translocated O
florigen B-Compound
and O
by O
the O
unexpected O
stability O
of O
the O
tomato B-Species
florigen B-Compound
protein O
( O
Fig O
. O

Construction O
of O
Xylem B-Location
and O
Bark O
cDNA O
Libraries O
and O
Cloning O
of O
Three O
Xylem B-Location
Endopeptidases B-CommonName
. O

The O
really O
interesting O
observation O
shown O
in O
this O
manuscript O
is O
that O
activity O
also O
appears O
to O
be O
required O
for O
proper O
trafficking O
of O
the O
CSC O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
and O
that O
many O
of O
the O
mutants O
with O
catalytic O
site O
mutations O
and O
reduced O
activity O
also O
exhibit O
slower O
traffic O
from O
the O
Golgi O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

Error O
bars O
represent O
the O
standard O
deviation O
( O
SD O
) O
. O

A O
systems O
biology O
view O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
trees O
submitted O
to O
different O
potassium O
and O
water O
regimes O
. O

Zemp O
I O
, O
Kutay O
U O
( O
2007 O
) O
Nuclear O
export O
and O
cytoplasmic O
maturation B-Process
of O
ribosomal O
subunits O
. O

Microtubule O
severing O
at O
crossover O
sites O
by O
Katanin O
generates O
ordered O
cortical O
microtubule O
arrays O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

In O
the O
first O
approach O
( O
Bulk O
) O
10 O
RNA O
samples O
from O
each O
trait O
extreme O
( O
HD O
or O
LD O
) O
were O
randomly O
pooled O
into O
two O
bulks O
( O
five O
samples O
per O
bulk O
) O
. O

The O
bootstrap O
percentages O
were O
based O
on O
2 O
, O
000 O
replications O
. O

2 O
These O
authors O
contributed O
equally O
to O
the O
article O
. O

However O
, O
in O
the O
DN O
plants O
, O
the O
stamens B-Location
did O
not O
elongate O
above O
the O
stigma B-Location
, O
suggesting O
that O
pollen B-Location
would O
not O
be O
delivered O
to O
the O
stigma B-Location
for O
subsequent O
pollination B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

Culture O
plates O
were O
returned O
to O
21 O
deg O
C O
for O
36 O
h O
, O
and O
the O
seedlings O
were O
then O
mounted O
in O
liquid O
half O
- O
MS O
for O
imaging O
. O

Insert O
- O
free O
pENTR O
was O
constructed O
by O
cloning O
the O
annealed O
9 O
bp O
oligomers O
listed O
in O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Dataset O
S3 O
into O
pENTR O
via O
Directional O
TOPO O
Cloning O
. O

In O
the O
RNA O
category O
( O
Table O
S3 O
) O
an O
endogenous O
Dof B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
, O
ADOF1 B-CommonName
, O
is O
induced O
in O
plants O
under O
nitrate O
. O

matrixscience O
. O
com O
) O
against O
the O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
. O

The O
second O
pattern O
saw O
little O
to O
no O
change O
in O
transcription O
levels O
across O
the O
developmental O
gradient O
. O

Heteromannan B-Compound
was O
present O
in O
all O
lines O
at O
early O
developmen O
- O
tal O
stages O
( O
between O
8 O
and O
15 O
dpa O
) O
in O
the O
NaOH O
extract O
, O
as O
shown O
by O
glycan B-Compound
microarrays O
, O
but O
only O
detected O
in O
25 O
dpa O
and O
mature B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
by O
in O
situ O
labeling O
. O

These O
findings O
suggest O
that O
AP2 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
ERF I-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
both O
stages O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
in O
stem B-Location
and O
are O
actively O
transcribed O
even O
in O
mature B-Location
xylem I-Location
( O
PS3 O
stage O
) O
; O
which O
also O
indicates O
their O
potential O
involvement O
in O
post O
mortem O
lignification B-Process
. O

Claforan O
( O
0 O
. O
5 O
mg O
/ O
L O
; O
Aventis O
) O
was O
added O
to O
the O
culture O
, O
and O
the O
suspension O
cells O
were O
cultured O
for O
a O
further O
5 O
d O
. O

' O
Nanlin895 O
' O
) O
grown O
in O
a O
phytotron O
( O
under O
a O
light O
and O
dark O
cycle O
of O
16 O
h O
and O
8 O
h O
, O
respectively O
) O
. O

We O
measured O
the O
growth B-Process
of O
221 O
lines O
, O
the O
modulus O
of O
elasticity O
( O
MOE O
) O
of O
416 O
wood B-Compound
samples O
, O
the O
density O
of O
213 O
wood B-Compound
samples O
, O
and O
tested O
236 O
wood B-Compound
samples O
for O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
ef O
fi O
ciency O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2003 O
) O
Cytoscape O
: O
a O
software O
environment O
for O
integrated O
models O
of O
biomolecular O
interaction O
networks O
. O

Hospital O
user O
on O
02 O
July O
2020 O
Tree O
Physiology O
Online O
at O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
treephys O
. O
oxfordjournals O
. O
org O
D O
. O

c O
Microtubules O
oriented O
in O
no O
dominant O
direction O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os06t0262800 O
- O
01 O
Os06g0262800 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Very O
- O
long O
- O
chain O
fatty O
acid O
condensing O
enzyme O
CUT1 B-CommonName
. O

Functional O
characterization O
of O
populus B-Species
PsnSHN2 B-CommonName
in O
coordinated O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
in O
tobacco B-Species
. O

Of O
these O
, O
929 O
genes O
were O
downregulated O
and O
1 O
, O
035 O
were O
upregulated O
in O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
- O
ox O
. O

By O
the O
aid O
of O
the O
SNP O
specific O
tuning O
factor O
, O
adaptive O
LASSO O
should O
provide O
un O
- O
biased O
estimates O
to O
the O
effect O
size O
and O
PVE O
of O
a O
QTL O
. O

PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
9 I-CommonName
was O
detected O
in O
xylem B-Location
fiber I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Acknowledgments O
This O
research O
was O
supported O
by O
grants O
from O
the O
Central O
Plains O
Science O
and O
Technology O
Innovation O
Leading O
Talents O
( O
194200510021 O
) O
, O
and O
Open O
Project O
Funding O
of O
the O
State O
Key O
Laboratory O
of O
Crop O
Stress O
Adaptation O
and O
Improvement O
, O
and O
National O
key O
research O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

VASCULAR B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RELATED I-CommonName
NAC I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
DOMAIN6 I-CommonName
( O
VND6 B-CommonName
) O
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
effectively O
induce O
transdifferentiation B-Process
into O
xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
elements I-Location
under O
control O
of O
an O
induction O
system O
. O

b O
, O
K O
m O
of O
BS1 B-CommonName
was O
calculated O
by O
the O
Michaelis O
- O
Menten O
plots O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
chemistry O
and O
ultrastructure O
trait O
variation O
, O
genetic O
control O
and O
genetic O
correlations O
. O

The O
total O
polymer O
mass O
( O
TPM O
) O
was O
calculated O
by O
averaging O
all O
replicates O
of O
the O
last O
three O
timepoints O
( O
plateau O
phase O
) O
+ O
- O
standard O
deviation O
. O

CBP B-CommonName
has O
an O
essential O
role O
in O
cytokinin O
signal O
transduction O
pathways O
( O
Mitsui O
et O
al O
. O

At O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
; O
Pt O
, O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

OsCCR14 B-CommonName
has O
been O
found O
to O
be O
localized O
throughout O
the O
cell O
, O
including O
the O
nucleus O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Discussion O
Gene O
duplication O
was O
an O
important O
event O
in O
the O
evolution O
of O
the O
Populus B-Species
genome O
( O
Tuskan O
et O
al O
. O

Confocal O
imaging O
of O
Golgi O
bodies O
does O
not O
provide O
the O
context O
of O
the O
surrounding O
unlabeled O
cytoplasm O
; O
therefore O
, O
the O
same O
stages O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
were O
examined O
in O
developing O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
using O
TEM O
( O
Fig O
. O

As O
such O
, O
it O
is O
possible O
that O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
controls O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
not O
only O
through O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
but O
also O
through O
more O
global O
carbon O
metabolism B-Process
, O
which O
con O
- O
cerns O
sucrose B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

The O
sugar O
concentration O
( O
the O
Brix O
value O
) O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
juice O
of O
each O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
internode O
was O
measured O
with O
a O
digital O
Brix O
refractometer O
( O
ATAGO O
) O
at O
30 O
days O
after O
heading O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Boxplot O
showing O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
shape O
determined O
by O
measuring O
the O
ratio O
of O
the O
tangential O
to O
the O
radial O
axis O
( O
n O
5 O
8 O
) O
. O

Reads O
were O
mapped O
against O
the O
reference O
transcriptome O
sequences O
of O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
. O

Filters O
are O
indicated O
at O
the O
top O
. O

The O
identified O
isoforms O
pos O
- O
sessed O
99 O
% O
DNA O
sequence O
identity O
with O
previously O
char O
- O
acterized O
isoforms O
from O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Details O
of O
monoclonal O
antibodies O
are O
given O
in O
ref O
. O

1998 O
) O
, O
brassinosteroid B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
insensitive1 I-CommonName
( O
bri1 B-CommonName
; O
also O
called O
cbb2 B-CommonName
) O
( O
Clouse O
et O
al O
. O

Libraries O
were O
sequenced O
with O
2 O
x O
100 O
paired O
- O
end O
reads O
using O
the O
Illumina O
HiSeq O
4000 O
platform O
at O
Science O
Corporation O
of O
Gene O
( O
Guangzhou O
, O
China O
) O
. O

The O
nuclease B-CommonName
from O
Nicotiana B-Species
tabacum I-Species
( O
NtCaN B-CommonName
) O
and O
a O
nuclease B-CommonName
from O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
( O
PtCaN1 B-CommonName
) O
were O
homologous O
to O
EuCaN2 B-CommonName
with O
sequence O
identity O
of O
76 O
% O
and O
77 O
% O
, O
respectively O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

Consistent O
with O
the O
brittle O
phenotype O
, O
the O
only O
small O
alteration O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
amounts O
of O
cellu B-Compound
- I-Compound
lose I-Compound
and O
hemicellulose B-Compound
in O
the O
culms B-Location
and O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
and O
sheaths B-Location
of O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
A O
bacterial O
- O
type O
ABC B-CommonName
transporter I-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
aluminum O
tolerance O
in O
rice B-Species
. O

Although O
several O
kinases B-CommonName
have O
been O
proposed O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
, O
very O
few O
signal O
transduction O
pathways O
have O
been O
described O
for O
this O
process O
( O
Brutus O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

Cell B-Process
death I-Process
was O
determined O
as O
previ O
- O
ously O
described O
in O
Duval O
et O
al O
. O

Missing O
data O
poses O
a O
challenge O
to O
sequence O
comparison O
and O
analysis O
and O
therefore O
, O
gap O
filling O
by O
resequencing O
should O
be O
done O
in O
the O
future O
. O

BC1 B-CommonName
has O
been O
shown O
to O
encode O
a O
COBRA B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

First O
- O
strand O
cDNA O
synthesis O
was O
performed O
with O
1 O
lg O
of O
total O
RNA O
using O
High O
Capacity O
cDNA O
RT O
Kit O
( O
Applied O
Biosystems O
, O
Foster O
City O
, O
CA O
) O
. O

The O
C O
= O
O O
stretching O
mode O
is O
slightly O
shifted O
to O
lower O
wavelengths O
( O
1724 O
cm O
- O
1 O
) O
in O
point O
nr O
. O

RSW12 B-CommonName
has O
no O
direct O
role O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
Cellulose B-Compound
constitutes O
the O
micro O
fi O
brils O
which O
are O
the O
major O
structural O
feature O
of O
the O
walls O
of O
higher O
plant O
cells O
. O

The O
separation O
gradient O
was O
: O
100 O
% O
B O
at O
0 O
min O
, O
70 O
% O
B O
at O
5 O
min O
, O
510 O
and O
100 O
% O
B O
at O
8 O
min O
. O

Nature O
reviews O
molecular O
cell O
biology O
. O

S3K O
- O
M O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
protoplast O
auto O
- O
fluorescence O
could O
be O
used O
as O
a O
general O
hallmark O
of O
ectopic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
in O
the O
VISUAL O
system O
. O

Thus O
, O
we O
restricted O
our O
analysis O
to O
ca O
. O

These O
data O
support O
a O
scenario O
in O
which O
the O
CMUs B-CommonName
are O
part O
of O
a O
potential O
microtubule O
- O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
tethering O
function O
. O

Thus O
, O
regulation O
of O
this O
process O
is O
highly O
redundant O
and O
combinatorial O
. O

However O
, O
promoter O
- O
GUS O
analysis O
indicates O
that O
all O
PpCESAs B-CommonName
may O
participate O
in O
deposition O
of O
the O
protone B-Location
- I-Location
mal I-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Summarised O
activities O
of O
all O
three O
Cu O
/ O
ZnSOD O
isoforms O
( O
I O
- O
III O
) O
determined O
after O
native O
PAGE O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Modi O
fi O
cations O
included O
the O
use O
of O
100 O
mu O
m O
glass O
beads O
( O
BioSpec O
Products O
, O
Bartlesville O
, O
OK O
) O
and O
retention O
of O
trichomes B-Location
on O
70 O
mu O
m O
nylon O
mesh O
followed O
by O
hand O
- O
removal O
of O
debris O
. O

However O
, O
no O
defects O
were O
observed O
in O
fl O
ower O
and O
silique O
development B-Process
as O
well O
as O
seed B-Location
morphology O
though O
the O
numbers O
of O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
and O
siliques B-Location
were O
less O
in O
proportionate O
to O
plant O
size O
. O

The O
LD O
decline O
in O
spruces B-Species
was O
also O
noted O
to O
be O
roughly O
between O
a O
few O
base O
pairs O
and O
2000 O
bp O
( O
Namroud O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

Low O
abundance O
is O
observed O
in O
apical B-Location
shoot I-Location
meristem I-Location
and O
root B-Location
( O
0 O
. O
1092 O
and O
0 O
. O
1247 O
) O
. O

Relative O
value O
of O
expression O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
in O
cotton B-Species
tissues O
is O
shown O
as O
the O
percentage O
of O
GhUBI1 B-CommonName
expression O
activity O
, O
and O
error O
bars O
represent O
standard O
deviation O
( O
the O
expression O
level O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
in O
root B-Location
was O
set O
as O
score O
1 O
) O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os02t0753000 O
- O
01 O
Os02g0753000 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Trehalose B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
6 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
phosphate I-CommonName
phosphatase I-CommonName
. O

Materials O
and O
Methods O
Growth B-Process
of O
Plants O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Same O
numbers O
indicate O
values O
statistically O
in O
the O
same O
range O
J O
Plant O
Res O
( O
2014 O
) O
127 O
: O
173 O
- O
183 O
179 O
123 O
are O
done O
on O
calibrators O
. O

The O
CesA B-CommonName
gene O
has O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
many O
terrestrial O
plants O
, O
and O
ten O
genes O
are O
conserved O
in O
the O
genome O
of O
the O
model O
plant O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O

Transcript O
abundance O
data O
revealed O
the O
presence O
of O
two O
distinct O
groups O
. O

Pathway O
analysis O
was O
carried O
by O
Plant O
MetGenMap O
software O
( O
Joung O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
) O
( O
P O
# O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

Fully O
developed O
leaves B-Location
from O
15th O
internode B-Location
of O
WT O
( O
b O
) O
and O
3F16 O
- O
6 O
( O
c O
) O
. O

Wang O
, O
Revisiting O
the O
phosphatidylethanolamine B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
binding I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
( O
PEBP B-CommonName
) O
gene O
family O
reveals O
cryptic O
FLOWERING B-CommonName
LOCUS I-CommonName
T I-CommonName
gene O
ho O
- O
mologs O
in O
gymnosperms O
and O
sheds O
new O
light O
on O
functional O
evolution O
. O

OsIDD2 B-CommonName
appears O
to O
have O
negative O
roles O
in O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
hydroxylation B-Process
mechanism O
of O
C3H B-CommonName
links O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
phenylpropanoids B-Compound
with O
the O
detoxi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
hydrogen O
peroxide O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

glucuronoxylan O
) O
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
the O
Golgi O
. O

RNA O
samples O
were O
processed O
for O
sequencing O
, O
quality O
control O
, O
and O
differential O
expression O
analysis O
at O
the O
Technion O
Genome O
Center O
. O

b O
Mean O
GUS O
enzyme O
activity O
( O
MUG O
assay O
) O
in O
needles B-Location
, O
with O
standard O
errors O
( O
n O
= O
4 O
) O
. O

Most O
of O
these O
genes O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthe B-Process
- I-Process
sis I-Process
exhibit O
upregulation O
in O
18O O
line O
after O
24 O
h O
of O
salt O
stress O
LAC12 B-CommonName
CAD1 B-CommonName
4CL3 B-CommonName
CCOAMT1 B-CommonName
PAL4 B-CommonName
4CL B-CommonName
C4H B-CommonName
PXR1 B-CommonName
4CL2 B-CommonName
OPCL1 B-CommonName
CCOAMT B-CommonName
4CL8 B-CommonName
UGT B-CommonName
CCOAMT3 B-CommonName
CCR2 B-CommonName
CCR1 B-CommonName
HCT B-CommonName
4CL5 B-CommonName
PAL1 B-CommonName
CAD4 B-CommonName
CAD5 B-CommonName
CAD7 B-CommonName
CAD2 B-CommonName
COMT1 B-CommonName
C3H B-CommonName
PXR B-CommonName
LAC4 B-CommonName
LAC11 B-CommonName
F5H B-CommonName
CAD6 B-CommonName
LAC17 B-CommonName

MYB4 B-CommonName
VND4 B-CommonName
MAPK3 B-CommonName
MYB7 B-CommonName
MYB103 B-CommonName
MYB58 B-CommonName
SND1 B-CommonName
NST1 B-CommonName
MYB61 B-CommonName
VND1 B-CommonName
VND3 B-CommonName
MYB46 B-CommonName
MYB32 B-CommonName
MYB20 B-CommonName
MYB63 B-CommonName
VND2 B-CommonName
VND6 B-CommonName
SND2 B-CommonName
MYB76 B-CommonName
MEKK4 B-CommonName
WRKY70 B-CommonName
MYB43 B-CommonName
NACO32 B-CommonName
WRKY53 B-CommonName
MYB85 B-CommonName
MYB83 B-CommonName
ANP2 B-CommonName
ANP3 B-CommonName
NACO42 B-CommonName
ANP1 B-CommonName
MEKK1 B-CommonName
MAPK6 B-CommonName

OXS2 B-CommonName
KNAT7 B-CommonName
NDPK2 B-CommonName
S26 O
( O
SOD B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
APX20 O
( O
APX B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
18O O
( O
SOD B-CommonName
+ O
APX B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
S26 O
( O
SOD B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
APX20 O
( O
APX B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
18O O
( O
SOD B-CommonName
+ O
APX B-CommonName
) O
1h O
24h O
1h O
24h O
( O
A O
) O
( O
B O
) O
Fig O
. O

We O
fi O
rst O
cloned O
open O
reading O
frames O
( O
ORFs O
) O
for O
361 O
genes O
markedly O
upregulated O
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
compared O
with O
secondary B-Location
phloem I-Location
and O
performed O
a O
binary O
Y2H O
screen O
with O
these O
proteins O
. O

The O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
of O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
exhibited O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
reduction O
, O
while O
its O
composition O
and O
structure O
essentially O
remained O
unchanged O
25 O
. O

A O
: O
Control O
root B-Location
cells I-Location
, O
showing O
microtubule O
fi O
laments O
distributed O
throughout O
the O
cell O
in O
a O
net O
array O
, O
mainly O
vertical O
to O
the O
direction O
of O
elongation B-Process
. O

In O
the O
absence O
of O
Al O
, O
a O
total O
of O
345 O
genes O
( O
247 O
up O
; O
98 O
down O
) O
were O
changed O
in O
OX O
in O
comparison O
with O
WT O
( O
OX O
- O
A O
; O
Figure O
5a O
) O
. O

The O
expression O
levels O
of O
the O
genes O
detected O
in O
the O
different O
tissues O
in O
the O
conditions O
analysed O
are O
here O
expressed O
as O
logMNE O
( O
Mean O
Normalized O
Expression O
) O
. O

A O
previous O
study O
revealed O
a O
role O
of O
circadian O
rhythm O
in O
salt O
stress O
tolerance O
( O
Park O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

Finally O
, O
another O
key O
criterion O
in O
classifier O
selection O
was O
to O
minimize O
performance O
trade O
- O
off O
across O
different O
cell O
types O
, O
that O
is O
classifiers O
that O
scored O
high O
in O
correct O
recognition O
of O
all O
the O
different O
cell O
types O
( O
the O
selected O
classifiers O
are O
described O
in O
Supplementary O
file O
1C O
) O
. O

Graph O
dis O
- O
plays O
re O
- O
population O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
with O
fl O
uorescent O
CesA B-CommonName
foci O
( O
given O
as O
mean O
delivery O
rates O
of O
CesAs B-CommonName
per O
area O
unit O
per O
hr O
) O
from O
fi O
ve O
cells O
of O
fi O
ve O
seedlings O
. O

First O
, O
the O
Alcohol O
Insoluble O
Residue O
( O
AIR O
) O
was O
prepared O
as O
described O
in O
( O
21 O
) O
. O

Hundreds O
of O
hectares O
of O
commercial O
production O
planta O
- O
tions O
have O
been O
established O
with O
this O
seed O
lot O
at O
Aracruz O
Celu O
- O
lose O
. O

Data O
from O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
whole O
seedlings O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

The O
poplar B-Species
location O
in O
the O
greenhouse O
was O
changed O
every O
2 O
- O
3 O
d O
. O

Apples B-Species
provide O
the O
main O
source O
of O
dietary O
antioxidants O
in O
the O
Western O
diet O
( O
Boyer O
and O
Liu O
2004 O
; O
Reagan O
- O
Shaw O
et O
al O
. O

( O
H O
) O
P O
MusaVND3 B-CommonName
activity O
in O
roots B-Location
of O
banana B-Species
. O

thaliana I-Species
NST3 B-CommonName
promoter O
and O
HSP O
ter O
- O
minator O
of O
pDEST O
- O
and O
pGWB5 O
- O
based O
binary O
vector O
( O
Nakagawa O
et O
al O
. O

The O
16 O
clusters O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
from O
the O
time O
- O
series O
experiment O
were O
compared O
to O
the O
11 O
co O
- O
expression O
modules O
( O
Gerttula O
et O
al O
. O

As O
this O
arms O
race O
con O
- O
tinued O
, O
taller O
plants O
required O
yet O
more O
structural O
support O
, O
an O
adaptation O
that O
took O
the O
form O
of O
wood B-Compound
. O

Recapitulation O
of O
poplar B-Species
LOG1 B-CommonName
overexpression O
phenotype O
To O
recapitulate O
the O
effect O
of O
the O
poplar B-Species
LOG1 B-CommonName
in O
the O
3F16 O
- O
6 O
mutant O
line O
, O
we O
constructed O
an O
overexpression O
construct O
( O
OE O
) O
using O
the O
poplar B-Species
LOG1 B-CommonName
FLcDNA O
under O
the O
same O
35S O
promoter O
. O

( O
A O
) O
the O
expression O
of O
OsSWN1 B-CommonName
in O
stems B-Location
. O

The O
stl1stl2 B-CommonName
mutant O
contains O
less O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

dosa00650 O
Butanoate B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
( O
1 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os04t0389800 O
- O
01 O
Os04g0389800 O
; O
Similar O
to O
OSIGBa0096P03 O
. O
6 O
protein O
. O

S9 O
) O
and O
that O
the O
sterility O
in O
both O
OE O
and O
DN O
plants O
was O
caused O
by O
a O
failure O
of O
pollination B-Process
within O
the O
stigma B-Location
. O

AT1G48100 O
3 O
. O
62 O
Pectin B-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
superfamily O
protein O
. O

2005 O
) O
, O
was O
used O
to O
detect O
xylan B-Compound
localization O
in O
stem B-Location
sections O
. O

( O
2003 O
) O
Improved O
forage O
digestibility O
of O
tall O
fescue B-Species
( O
Festuca B-Species
arundina I-Species
- I-Species
cea I-Species
) O
by O
transgenic O
down O
- O
regulation O
of O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

An O
understanding O
of O
overall O
fast O
growing O
stage O
, O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
stage O
and O
senescence B-Process
stage O
cambium B-Location
transcriptome O
variation O
is O
lacking O
. O

performed O
and O
analyzed O
the O
2D O
NMR O
. O

Cell B-Process
death I-Process
is O
prevented O
from O
spreading O
to O
non B-Location
- I-Location
TEs I-Location
by O
unidentified O
intercellular O
mechanisms O
, O
downstream O
of O
METACASPASE9 B-CommonName
( O
MC9 B-CommonName
) O
- O
mediated O
regulation O
of O
autophagy B-Process
in O
TEs B-Location
. O

In O
the O
P717 O
C4H B-CommonName
: O
: O
F5H B-CommonName
lines O
the O
greater O
de O
fi O
nition O
in O
the O
metabolic O
gradient O
of O
LC O
/ O
MS O
, O
compared O
with O
GC O
/ O
MS O
metabolite O
pro O
fi O
les O
, O
may O
have O
originated O
from O
statistical O
and O
/ O
or O
analytical O
factors O
. O

The O
tomato O
homolog O
of O
the O
enzymatically O
inactive O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
image O
is O
a O
representative O
of O
three O
independent O
experiments O
. O

The O
raw O
threshold O
cycle O
( O
Ct O
) O
values O
were O
normalized O
against O
a O
reference O
gene O
encoding O
Actin O
to O
calculate O
relative O
expression O
in O
salt O
stress O
treated O
samples O
with O
respect O
to O
control O
using O
the O
Rela O
- O
tive O
Expression O
Software O
Tool O
( O
REST O
; O
Pfaffl O
et O
al O
. O

7 O
School O
of O
Biological O
Sciences O
, O
Seoul O
National O
University O
, O
Seoul O
, O
South O
Korea O
. O

J O
Integr O
Plant O
Biol O
52 O
: O
186 O
- O
194 O
404 O
Physiol O
. O

The O
detailed O
mechanism O
needs O
to O
be O
investigated O
in O
future O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Measurement O
of O
neutral O
sugar O
composition O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
various O
mutants O
. O

Boyle O
AP O
, O
Guinney O
J O
, O
Crawford O
GE O
, O
Furey O
TS O
. O

It O
is O
characterized O
by O
a O
DNA O
- O
binding O
domain O
fi O
rst O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
APETALA2 B-CommonName
( O
AP2 B-CommonName
[ O
5 O
] O
) O
and O
the O
Ethylene B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Response I-CommonName
Factors I-CommonName
( O
ERF B-CommonName
[ O
6 O
] O
) O
. O

TBA2p_rev O
GGGGACTGCTTTTTTGTACAAACTTGc O
ttttgattgtttttatcttttgg O
GGGGACAAGTTTGTACAAAAAAGCA O
Supplementary O
Table O
2 O
. O

MS O
/ O
MS O
spectra O
of O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaric I-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
A O
. O

To O
assign O
descriptions O
we O
used O
Blast2GO O
basic O
( O
Conesa O
et O
al O
. O

Supporting O
Table O
S2 O
shows O
the O
identity O
of O
the O
genes O
in O
the O
intersection O
sets O
. O

Journal O
of O
Agricultural O
and O
Food O
Chemistry O
, O
60 O
, O
5922 O
- O
5935 O
. O

By O
adopting O
a O
modi O
fi O
ed O
Y2H O
approach O
, O
it O
was O
proved O
that O
the O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
- O
OSK1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
20 I-CommonName
complex O
is O
capable O
of O
inter O
- O
acting O
with O
the O
rice B-Species
cullin B-CommonName
proteins O
( O
CUL1g B-CommonName
/ O
CUL5g B-CommonName
) O
to O
form O
a O
putative O
SCF B-CommonName
OSFBK1 I-CommonName
E3 I-CommonName
ligase I-CommonName
. O

The O
ensembl O
IDs O
of O
all O
the O
newly O
identified O
wheat B-Species
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
are O
given O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

Western O
blot O
analysis O
of O
the O
SDX B-Location
nuclear O
protein O
shows O
a O
band O
around O
21 O
kDa O
, O
confirming O
the O
presence O
and O
size O
of O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
phenotype O
of O
the O
lbd4 B-CommonName
Figure O
3 O
. O

These O
complementary O
conditions O
illustrated O
that O
our O
target O
gene O
prediction O
results O
were O
reliable O
. O

The O
proteins O
were O
separated O
by O
Sodium O
Dodecyl O
Sulfate O
Polyacrylamide O
Gel O
Electrophoresis O
( O
SDS O
- O
PAGE O
) O
as O
described O
by O
Laemmli O
( O
1970 O
) O
. O

Detection O
in O
situ O
and O
characteriza O
- O
tion O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
G O
- O
layer O
of O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
fibres B-Location
of O
Populus B-Species
deltoides I-Species
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
determined O
by O
sulfuric O
acid O
- O
anthrone O
colorimetry O
. O

S4B O
, O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
staining O
dye O
( O
Anderson O
et O
al O
. O

( O
A O
) O
TUNEL O
assays O
observed O
under O
light O
microscope O
. O

Although O
multiple O
EIN3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
proteins O
exist O
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Association O
genetics O
of O
complex O
traits O
in O
conifers O
. O

Q O
- O
value O
indicates O
a O
correction O
for O
multiple O
testing O
( O
false O
discovery O
rate O
( O
Q O
) O
# O
0 O
. O
10 O
) O
. O

Dark O
- O
inducible O
genes O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
are O
associated O
with O
leaf B-Location
senescence B-Process
and O
repressed O
by O
sugars O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
detected O
punctate O
signals O
indicative O
of O
cortical O
microtubules O
( O
Figure O
3C O
) O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Schematic O
diagram O
of O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
gene O
structure O
and O
single O
- O
guide O
RNA O
( O
sgRNA O
) O
- O
targeted O
sites O
( O
# O
1 O
- O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
polymor O
- O
phism O
was O
obtained O
with O
marker O
U10 O
- O
1500 O
, O
present O
in O
all O
the O
high O
CBH O
bulks O
and O
absent O
in O
all O
the O
low O
bulks O
( O
Figure O
2A O
) O
. O

2001 O
) O
was O
carried O
out O
to O
determine O
the O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
. O

325 O
Disruption O
of O
MYB20 B-CommonName
, O
MYB42 B-CommonName
, O
MYB43 B-CommonName
, O
and O
MYB85 B-CommonName
significantly O
reduced O
the O
326 O
expression O
of O
genes O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
ESTs O
were O
submitted O
to O
GenBank O
with O
their O
EST O
code O
numbers O
only O
. O

Enzyme O
activiies O
and O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
members O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
glutathione B-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
superfamily O
. O

" O
Monosaccharides O
released O
upon O
TFA O
and O
H O
2 O
SO O
4 O
hydrolysis B-Process
were O
determined O
with O
a O
HPAEC O
- O
PAD O
. O

Physiological O
and O
transcriptional O
responses O
of O
Catalpa B-Species
bungei I-Species
to O
drought O
stress O
under O
sufficient O
- O
and O
deficient O
- O
nitrogen O
conditions O
. O

Some O
53 O
. O
4 O
% O
( O
1740 O
/ O
3259 O
) O
of O
DEGs O
in O
PaC3H17DR B-CommonName
plants O
overlapped O
with O
3012 O
DEGs O
in O
PaMYB199OE B-CommonName
plants O
. O

Mapping O
quality O
< O
30 O
and O
all O
duplicates O
removed O
. O

Analysis O
of O
the O
complete O
genome O
sequence O
of O
maize B-Species
revealed O
ten O
GH10 B-CommonName
family O
members O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
, O
which O
were O
designated O
as O
Zmxyl1 B-CommonName
to O
Zmxyl10 B-CommonName
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Analysis O
of O
relative O
gene O
expression O
data O
using O
real O
- O
time O
quantitative O
PCR O
and O
the O
2 O
- O
[ O
D O
] O
[ O
D O
] O
Ct O
method O
. O

The O
Scienti O
fi O
c O
World O
Journal O
, O
2016 O
, O
8641373 O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
D O
and O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
have O
trans O
- O
activation O
activity O
. O

Images O
were O
acquired O
every O
10 O
min O
for O
12 O
pictures O
. O

( O
B O
and O
C O
) O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
( O
pIQD13 B-CommonName
: O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
) O
in O
cultured O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
. O

1 O
Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
is O
correlated O
with O
stem B-Location
maturation B-Process
. O

We O
carried O
out O
a O
complementation O
test O
to O
confirm O
the O
mapping O
results O
. O

Legrand O
, O
Purification O
, O
cloning O
, O
and O
properties O
of O
an O
acyltransferase B-CommonName
controlling O
shikimate B-Compound
and I-Compound
quinate I-Compound
ester I-Compound
intermediates O
in O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
its O
regulation O
. O

The O
results O
of O
the O
statistical O
analysis O
are O
shown O
in O
Table O
S3 O
. O

Note O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
nonlignified O
xylem B-Location
fibers I-Location
. O

Differences O
between O
the O
datasets O
provided O
insight O
into O
known O
and O
novel O
biological O
functions O
that O
were O
likely O
distinctly O
regulated O
by O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
and O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
. O

The O
formation B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
per O
se O
was O
recently O
shown O
to O
be O
posta O
- O
poptotic O
in O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
vessels I-Location
. O

S5e O
) O
, O
implicating O
its O
weak O
role O
in O
cambial O
activity O
. O

New O
Phytologist O
( O
2019 O
) O
2019 O
The O
Authors O
New O
Phytologist O
2019 O
New O
Phytologist O
Trust O
www O
. O
newphytologist O
. O
com O
Research O
New O
Phytologist O
12 O
signaling O
represses O
XVP B-CommonName
expression O
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
siliques B-Location
, O
GUS O
staining O
was O
strong O
at O
the O
base O
, O
and O
strong O
GUS O
staining O
was O
also O
visible O
in O
the O
fruit O
stalk O
( O
Fig O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
valorization O
: O
improving O
lignin B-Compound
processing O
in O
the O
biore O
fi O
nery O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
although O
the O
suppression O
of O
AtPrx52 B-CommonName
involved O
a O
change O
in O
monomer O
composition O
, O
plants O
were O
able O
to O
overcome O
this O
reduction O
of O
gene O
expression O
, O
given O
that O
growth B-Process
parameters O
were O
not O
affected O
when O
plants O
stopped O
growing O
. O

Interaction O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
with O
its O
target O
sequences O
in O
the O
CAD B-CommonName
promoters O
( O
A O
and O
B O
) O
Schematic O
representations O
of O
the O
CAD2 B-CommonName
( O
A O
) O
and O
CAD3 B-CommonName
( O
B O
) O
genes O
showing O
the O
positions O
of O
DNA O
sequences O
tested O
by O
AlphaScreen O
assay O
. O

( O
D O
, O
E O
) O
Acetyl O
bromide O
soluble O
lignin B-Compound
content O
( O
D O
) O
and O
ethanol O
yield O
( O
E O
) O
of O
completely O
senesced O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

NADPH B-CommonName
Oxidases I-CommonName
Fine O
Tune O
Calcium O
Homeostasis O
The O
exact O
mechanism O
by O
which O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
- O
dependent O
ROS B-Compound
regulate O
polar O
growth B-Process
is O
still O
not O
fully O
understood O
. O

Additionally O
, O
Golgi O
( O
arrowhead O
) O
and O
closely O
associated O
SmaCCs O
( O
yellow O
arrow O
) O
can O
be O
seen O
moving O
from O
one O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
band O
and O
pausing O
at O
another O
. O

The O
real O
- O
time O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
revealed O
that O
only O
a O
little O
change O
in O
mRNA O
expression O
of O
EuCaN B-CommonName
occurred O
during O
the O
process O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
( O
Figure O
8H O
) O
. O

In O
the O
model O
in O
Fig O
. O

It O
is O
generally O
accepted O
that O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
conifer B-Species
tracheids B-Location
contain O
three O
layers O
( O
S O
1 O
, O
S O
2 O
and O
S O
3 O
) O
with O
varying O
MF O
orientation B-Process
. O

( O
Related O
to O
Figure O
6 O
) O
( O
A O
) O
Electrophoretic O
mobility O
shift O
assay O
( O
EMSA O
) O
of O
GhCESA7 B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

VASCULAR B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RELATED I-CommonName
NAC I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
DOMAIN6 I-CommonName
( O
VND6 B-CommonName
) O
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
effectively O
induce O
transdifferentiation B-Process
into O
xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
elements I-Location
under O
control O
of O
an O
induction O
system O
. O

Down O
- O
regulation O
of O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
: I-CommonName
shikimate I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyl I-CommonName
trans I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ferase I-CommonName
in O
transgenic O
alfalfa B-Species
affects O
lignification B-Process
, O
development B-Process
and O
forage O
quality O
. O

For O
MAKER O
, O
available O
RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
and O
de O
novo O
assembled O
tran O
- O
scripts O
( O
Farrell O
et O
al O
. O

Programmes B-Process
of I-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
and O
autolysis B-Process
in O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
: O
When O
a O
suicidal O
cell O
arranges O
its O
own O
corpse O
removal O
. O

Ten O
days O
later O
the O
blood O
of O
the O
rabbits O
was O
collected O
and O
the O
serum O
was O
satisfactorily O
assayed O
against O
pine B-Species
and O
recombinant O
C O
- O
terminal O
PpDof5 B-CommonName
by O
western O
blot O
. O

( O
1986 O
) O
Changes O
in O
microtubule O
organization O
and O
wall O
micro O
- O
fi O
bril O
orientation O
during O
in O
vitro O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
: O
an O
immuno O
- O
fl O
uorescent O
study O
. O

Using O
previously O
published O
bending O
results O
from O
55 O
independent O
gravi O
- O
stimulation O
experiments O
using O
wild O
type O
genotypes O
from O
the O
same O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
system O
( O
Figure O
1 O
; O
Gerttula O
et O
al O
. O

The O
CaMV35S O
promoter O
was O
combined O
with O
all O
three O
terminators O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
57 O
- O
kb O
region O
contains O
six O
putative O
ORFs O
. O

The O
protein O
signal O
was O
visualized O
with O
a O
Biorad O
- O
Chemidoc O
analyzer O
. O

The O
analysis O
was O
repeated O
three O
times O
, O
and O
a O
representative O
experiment O
is O
shown O
. O

The O
siliques B-Location
of O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
were O
also O
shorter O
as O
compared O
with O
the O
ones O
of O
the O
WT O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
observations O
pro O
- O
vide O
an O
overall O
understanding O
of O
the O
AP B-CommonName
gene O
family O
in O
tree O
species O
and O
lay O
significant O
foundations O
for O
further O
investigation O
of O
their O
functions O
in O
tree O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

METHODS O
Plant O
Materials O
and O
Growth B-Process
Conditions O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
) O
Columbia O
( O
Col O
- O
0 O
) O
ecotype O
was O
used O
as O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

Several O
major O
classes O
of O
transcription O
factors O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
and O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
were O
found O
in O
both O
species O
( O
Figure O
3A O
) O
, O
generally O
in O
similar O
numbers O
of O
contigs O
, O
although O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
family O
was O
substantially O
more O
abun O
- O
dant O
in O
Aa O
. O

ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
PRONE O
res O
- O
cued O
the O
pit B-Location
pattern O
phenotype O
of O
ropgef4 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
to O
the O
same O
extent O
as O
full O
length O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
did O
( O
Figs O
1B O
, O
S2B O
and O
S2C O
) O
and O
localized O
to O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
in O
roots B-Location
( O
Figure O
S2D O
) O
. O

The O
ten O
histidines O
and O
one O
cysteine O
responsible O
for O
coordinating O
four O
copper O
ions O
are O
highly O
conserved O
across O
all O
laccases B-CommonName
( O
Extended O
Data O
Fig O
. O

Therefore O
, O
we O
were O
able O
to O
predict O
localization O
for O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
co O
- O
expression O
sets O
to O
gain O
further O
insights O
into O
putative O
functional O
interactions O
( O
Table O
3 O
) O
. O

INTRODUCTION O
Lignins B-Compound
are O
important O
components O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
the O
LM11 O
antibody O
only O
bound O
weakly O
to O
mature B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
after O
pectin B-Compound
removal O
, O
suggesting O
the O
recognition O
of O
different O
xylan B-Compound
epi O
- O
topes O
by O
these O
probes O
. O

pectin B-Compound
and O
callose B-Compound
) O
were O
released O
from O
secretory O
vesicles O
into O
the O
periplasmic O
space O
, O
but O
were O
unable O
to O
integrate O
into O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
in O
a O
normal O
manner O
, O
causing O
large O
deposits O
to O
accumulate O
ran O
- O
domly O
in O
the O
extracellular O
space O
( O
Roy O
et O
al O
. O

A O
low O
intensity O
of O
the O
band O
at O
1728 O
cm O
- O
1 O
is O
seen O
in O
the O
S2 O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Relative O
to O
the O
control O
and O
ccr1g B-CommonName
samples O
, O
the O
thioacidolysis O
monomers O
released O
from O
coniferaldehyde B-Compound
end O
- O
groups O
were O
recovered O
in O
higher O
relative O
amounts O
from O
the O
lignins B-Compound
of O
the O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
and O
ccc O
mutants O
. O

One O
pectinesterase B-CommonName
gene O
was O
also O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
PR3 O
stage O
( O
cluster O
II O
) O
which O
suggests O
that O
it O
may O
play O
a O
role O
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
development B-Process
. O

Theriault O
DH O
, O
Walker O
ML O
, O
Wong O
JY O
, O
Betke O
M O
. O

WRKY15 B-CommonName
in O
Xylem B-Location
Differentiation B-Process
2317 O
and O
anatomical O
location O
of O
their O
initial O
cell O
identities O
. O

Spatial O
specificity O
of O
auxin B-Compound
responses O
coordinates O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
full O
plant O
height O
of O
the O
DN O
, O
OE O
, O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
also O
showed O
differences O
at O
the O
mature O
stage O
( O
Fig O
. O

Quantitative O
data O
associated O
with O
this O
natural O
variation O
was O
used O
to O
carry O
out O
GWAS O
mapping O
by O
using O
the O
Web O
- O
based O
tool O
GWAPP O
( O
16 O
) O
. O

Func O
- O
tional O
characterization O
of O
a O
candidate O
gene O
was O
performed O
in O
transgenic O
E B-Species
. I-Species

ANXUR B-CommonName
RLKs I-CommonName
Regulate O
ROS B-Compound
and O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
Homeostases O
PLOS O
Biology O
| O
www O
. O
plosbiology O
. O
org O
7 O
November O
2013 O
| O
Volume O
11 O
| O
Issue O
11 O
| O
e1001719 O
irregular O
oscillations O
originating O
from O
the O
tip O
periphery O
( O
Figures O
6B O
and O
S8A O
; O
Video O
S4 O
) O
. O

The O
Relative O
Expression O
Level O
of O
PtACT41 B-CommonName
in O
Different O
Tissues O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

According O
to O
the O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectrum O
, O
the O
precursor O
ion O
was O
identified O
as O
[ O
Caffeic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
- O
H O
] O
- O
. O

In O
2015 O
, O
a O
milestone O
year O
for O
cotton B-Species
research O
, O
two O
independent O
re O
- O
search O
groups O
separately O
published O
the O
whole O
genome O
sequences O
of O
G B-Species
. I-Species

( O
2010 O
) O
Ef O
fi O
cient O
yeast O
one O
- O
/ O
two O
- O
hybrid O
screening O
using O
a O
library O
composed O
only O
of O
transcription O
factors O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

Without O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
, O
cortical O
microtubules O
are O
not O
depolymerized O
around O
tagRFP O
- O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
PRONE O
clusters O
( O
C O
) O
. O

As O
expected O
, O
over O
60 O
% O
of O
such O
Unigenes O
were O
differentially O
expressed O
at O
the O
early O
stages O
of O
TW O
formation B-Process
( O
Tables O
1 O
and O
2 O
) O
, O
and O
more O
than O
half O
of O
the O
DEGs O
were O
preferentially O
expressed O
in O
NW O
when O
compared O
to O
Leaf B-Location
( O
Figs O
. O

The O
samples O
were O
held O
at O
20 O
@ O
C O
for O
30 O
min O
and O
analysed O
via O
UHPLC O
- O
MS O
. O

The O
number O
of O
CLE B-CommonName
genes O
has O
risen O
Figure O
4 O
Expression O
of O
the O
genes O
related O
to O
cell O
proliferation B-Process
and O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
the O
35S O
: O
: O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Timell O
, O
Recent O
progress O
in O
the O
chemistry O
of O
wood B-Compound
hemicelluloses B-Compound
, O
Wood O
Sci O
. O

Uchida O
, O
ERECTA B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
family I-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
genes O
redundantly O
prevent O
premature O
progression O
of O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
in O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
hypocotyl B-Location
. O

Copper O
uptake O
and O
distribution B-Process
in O
plants O
. O

The O
NHL3 B-CommonName
pro O
- O
tein O
is O
required O
for O
the O
proper O
execution O
of O
the O
HR O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
, O
but O
in O
some O
particular O
cases O
only O
( O
Century O
et O
al O
. O

Length O
and O
strength O
are O
the O
two O
key O
parameters O
of O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
quality O
, O
the O
latter O
being O
closely O
related O
to O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
properties O
. O

An O
increase O
in O
indene O
derivatives O
has O
also O
been O
reported O
for O
the O
sorghum B-Species
bmr6 B-CommonName
mutant O
( O
Sattler O
et O
al O
. O

One O
month O
after O
infection O
, O
the O
transgenic O
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
were O
rami O
fi O
ed O
and O
reached O
a O
size O
between O
4 O
and O
8 O
cm O
allowing O
excision O
of O
a O
lateral B-Location
root I-Location
( O
2 O
cm O
long O
in O
average O
) O
for O
subsequent O
in O
vitro O
cultivation O
on O
solid O
media O
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1714422114 O
8 O
of O
11 O
Table O
S1 O
. O

When O
comparing O
against O
known O
transcription O
factor O
binding O
sites O
present O
in O
the O
HOMER O
database O
, O
28 O
of O
the O
30 O
most O
signi O
fi O
cant O
were O
A B-Species
. I-Species

All O
the O
CESAs B-CommonName
possess O
domains O
known O
to O
be O
highly O
conserved O
among O
all O
the O
plant O
species O
studied O
thus O
far O
[ O
10 O
] O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
146 O
( O
2020 O
) O
303 O
- O
314 O
305 O
deposition B-Process
in O
diverse O
tissues O
( O
Mitsuda O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2005 O
) O
. O

Abaxial O
epidermis O
of O
infiltrated O
leaves O
was O
assayed O
for O
fluorescence O
by O
confocal O
laser O
- O
scanning O
microscopy O
2 O
- O
3 O
d O
post O
infiltration O
. O

ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
over O
- O
expression O
phenotypes O
are O
dependent O
on O
functional O
RbohH B-CommonName
and O
RbohJ B-CommonName
. O

Similar O
to O
AtMYB75 B-CommonName
, O
MYB6 B-CommonName
interacts O
with O
the O
bHLH B-CommonName
protein O
TT8 B-CommonName
and O
WD40 B-CommonName
to O
form O
a O
typical O
MBW O
complex O
that O
regu O
- O
lates O
anthocyanin B-Compound
and O
PA B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

' O
Nanlin895 O
' O
by O
Agrobacterium O
mediated O
transformation O
according O
to O
the O
protocol O
adopted O
in O
our O
lab O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2003 O
) O
. O

Discussion O
The O
production O
of O
biofuels O
and O
bio O
- O
based O
chemicals O
from O
woody O
biomass O
is O
limited O
by O
its O
recalcitrance O
to O
hydrolysis B-Process
for O
releasing O
simple O
sugars O
. O

Acknowledgements O
We O
thank O
Karen O
van O
der O
Merwe O
( O
University O
of O
Pretoria O
) O
and O
the O
Centre O
for O
High O
Performance O
Computing O
( O
www O
. O
chpc O
. O
ac O
. O
za O
) O
for O
bioinformatics O
assistance O
and O
infrastructure O
. O

TFUL2 B-CommonName
was O
cloned O
from O
cDNA O
with O
the O
appropriate O
primers O
and O
subcloned O
into O
pBS O
. O

Distribution B-Process
of O
genes O
overlapped O
( O
6283 O
) O
and O
not O
overlapped O
( O
30 O
093 O
) O
by O
naked O
DNA O
control O
DHSs O
( O
right O
panel O
, O
P O
- O
value O
0 O
) O
. O

Rounds O
CM O
, O
Lubeck O
E O
, O
Hepler O
PK O
, O
Winship O
LJ O
( O
2011 O
) O
Propidium O
iodide O
competes O
with O
Ca O
( O
2 O
+ O
) O
to O
label O
pectin B-Compound
in O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
hairs I-Location
. O

( O
E O
) O
Trypan O
blue O
staining O
of O
the O
leaves B-Location
of O
wild O
type O
and O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
. O

Xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
that O
facilitate O
water O
and O
nutrient O
transloca O
- O
tion O
are O
surrounded O
by O
patterned O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
representing O
an O
ideal O
system O
to O
investigate O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
24 O
. O

Analysis O
of O
plant O
gums O
and O
saccharide O
materials O
in O
paint O
samples O
: O
comparison O
of O
GC O
- O
MS O
analytical O
procedures O
and O
databases O
. O

number O
AF149251 O
) O
; O
and O
Swpa4 B-CommonName
from O
sweetpotato B-Species
( O
acc O
. O

For O
each O
sample O
, O
300 O
mg O
powder O
was O
used O
for O
subsequent O
steps O
. O

Ihmels O
J O
, O
Levy O
R O
, O
Barkai O
N O
( O
2004 O
) O
Principles O
of O
transcriptional O
control O
in O
the O
metabolic O
network O
of O
Saccharomyces B-Species
cerevisiae I-Species
. O

These O
findings O
were O
Cai O
et O
al O
. O

The O
constitu O
- O
tive O
model O
was O
implemented O
in O
a O
3D O
FE O
framework O
for O
large O
deformations O
, O
using O
a O
meristematic B-Location
cell I-Location
with O
idealised O
dimensions O
( O
Figure O
2A O
) O
whose O
instantaneous O
response O
to O
inflation O
under O
turgor O
pres O
- O
sure O
was O
examined O
. O

NATURE O
COMMUNICATIONS O
| O
7 O
: O
11989 O
| O
DOI O
: O
10 O
. O
1038 O
/ O
ncomms11989 O
| O
www O
. O
nature O
. O
com O
/ O
naturecommunications O
1 O
W O
ood O
is O
one O
of O
the O
world O
' O
s O
most O
abundant O
natural O
materials O
. O

Monosaccharides B-Compound
were O
detected O
and O
quan O
- O
tified O
using O
a O
GC O
- O
MS O
system O
equipped O
with O
an O
SP O
- O
2380 O
capillary O
column O
( O
Agilent O
5975 O
inert O
MSD O
system O
) O
. O

A O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein O
is O
required O
for O
osmotic O
stress O
tolerance O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
127 O
( O
2018 O
) O
223 O
- O
230 O
226 O
since O
the O
monitoring O
of O
speci O
fi O
c O
fragment O
ions O
from O
speci O
fi O
c O
parent O
ions O
in O
triple O
quadrapole O
mass O
spectrometry O
is O
the O
high O
precision O
method O
for O
quantifying O
molecular O
analytes O
, O
it O
may O
have O
provided O
more O
sensitivity O
to O
the O
change O
, O
compared O
to O
the O
previously O
utilized O
ion O
scanning O
method O
. O

It O
has O
been O
shown O
that O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
stems O
have O
strong O
immunostaining O
signals O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
in O
families O
associated O
with O
nucleotide O
- O
sugar O
interconversion O
. O

( O
C O
) O
BiFC O
analysis O
of O
the O
interaction O
between O
IIP4 B-CommonName
and O
NAC29 B-CommonName
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
reported O
that O
sterol O
synthesis B-Process
inhibitors O
and O
mutations O
in O
sterol O
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
showed O
defects O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
deposi B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
. O

The O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
regeneration O
assay O
was O
performed O
three O
times O
and O
measurement O
of O
fluorescence O
intensity O
was O
performed O
three O
times O
. O

Nakagawa O
of O
Shimane O
University O
for O
providing O
the O
pGWB O
vectors O
; O
Y O
. O

* O
* O
: O
mean O
performance O
of O
the O
transgenic O
di O
ff O
ered O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
from O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

The O
cisterna O
with O
gold O
label O
was O
identi O
fi O
ed O
according O
to O
the O
parameters O
outlined O
in O
the O
ultrastructure O
characterization O
section O
above O
. O

A O
search O
for O
chemicals O
that O
inhibit O
or O
enhance O
the O
activity O
of O
D O
should O
offer O
new O
approaches O
to O
the O
breeding O
of O
untransformable O
plants O
. O

Pt B-CommonName
x I-CommonName
tVNS12 I-CommonName
and O
Pt O
x O
tVNS12mut O
were O
cloned O
into O
the O
pENTR O
/ O
D O
- O
TOPO O
vector O
( O
Thermo O
Fisher O
Scienti O
fi O
c O
) O
and O
then O
transferred O
into O
the O
GATEWAY O
cloning O
site O
between O
the O
A B-Species
. I-Species

To O
investigate O
this O
phenotype O
further O
, O
we O
conducted O
two O
types O
of O
experiments O
on O
growing O
PTs O
of O
complemented O
and O
ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
OX O
lines O
before O
they O
start O
to O
show O
PM O
invaginations O
and O
apical O
CW O
accumulation B-Process
. O

We O
characterized O
the O
function O
of O
11 O
strigolactone O
receptors O
from O
the O
parasitic O
plant O
Striga O
hermonthica O
using O
chemical O
and O
structural O
biology O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
Fig O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
many O
of O
the O
Pfam O
domains O
were O
identified O
in O
both O
co O
- O
expression O
sets O
, O
suggesting O
functional O
components O
present O
in O
both O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
. O

5 O
A O
and O
B O
and O
Movie O
S5 O
) O
. O

Zeiss O
LSM O
5 O
LIVE O
( O
Carl O
Zeiss O
, O
Jena O
, O
Germany O
) O
was O
used O
for O
analysis O
of O
plants O
expressing O
GFP O
and O
mCherry O
. O

Due O
to O
the O
decrease O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
of O
the O
xylem B-Location
, O
the O
amount O
of O
pulping O
alkali O
and O
the O
time O
of O
alkali O
penetration O
in O
to O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
were O
reduced O
. O

S2 O
- O
S5 O
and O
Materials O
and O
Methods O
) O
had O
significantly O
swollen O
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
Rep O
11 O
: O
113 O
- O
116 O
Chen O
JH O
, O
Ho O
CT O
( O
1997 O
) O
Antioxidant O
activities O
of O
caffeic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
and O
its O
related O
hydroxycinnamic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
compounds O
. O

G O
was O
the O
dominant O
form O
( O
60 O
- O
67 O
% O
) O
and O
S O
was O
the O
second O
dominant O
form O
( O
32 O
- O
38 O
% O
) O
in O
all O
stages O
of O
root B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Cotton B-Species
PRP5 B-CommonName
gene O
encoding O
a O
proline O
- O
rich O
protein O
is O
involved O
in O
fiber B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
135 O
( O
2019 O
) O
87 O
- O
98 O
92 O
shown O
in O
the O
boxplot O
, O
gene O
expression O
distribution O
and O
dispersion O
was O
observed O
in O
each O
sample O
( O
Fig O
. O

WOX14 B-CommonName
was O
also O
predicted O
to O
bind O
to O
and O
regulate O
both O
TMO6 B-CommonName
and O
LBD4 B-CommonName
( O
Figure O
1B O
; O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
2 O
) O
; O
thus O
, O
these O
three O
transcription O
factors O
were O
present O
in O
a O
feedforward O
loop O
( O
Figure O
1B O
) O
. O

Nuclear O
components O
were O
isolated O
by O
adding O
the O
frozen O
powder O
to O
30 O
mL O
of O
M1 O
buffer O
. O

The O
completely O
rescued O
mutant O
phenotypes O
indicate O
that O
this O
CDS O
is O
functional O
( O
Fig O
. O

environmental O
sensors O
to O
maintain O
plant O
functions O
under O
water O
- O
deficiency O
conditions O
. O

For O
counting O
of O
GFP O
: O
ATG8a B-CommonName
puncta O
, O
all O
compared O
images O
within O
an O
experiment O
were O
acquired O
with O
the O
same O
settings O
. O

It O
is O
not O
clear O
, O
however O
, O
if O
the O
decrease O
of O
Fe O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
resulted O
only O
from O
this O
reduced O
amount O
of O
ferritins O
or O
from O
disruptions O
of O
its O
transport O
across O
the O
root B-Location
endodermis I-Location
. O

Conversely O
, O
the O
xylan O
product O
accumulated O
in O
swollen O
trans O
cisternal O
margins O
and O
the O
Trans O
- O
Golgi O
network O
( O
TGN O
) O
. O

Meanwhile O
, O
the O
RNA O
- O
interference O
( O
RNAi O
) O
plants O
displayed O
dwar O
fi O
sm O
and O
brittle B-CommonName
sheath I-CommonName
in O
correlation O
with O
reduced O
expres O
- O
sion O
level O
of O
OsCYP96B4 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
sequences O
of O
the O
fragments O
are O
shown O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
throughput O
of O
the O
methods O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
upgraded O
to O
enable O
the O
exploration O
of O
the O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
quality O
and O
will O
contribute O
in O
the O
development B-Process
of O
breeding O
tools O
. O

Figures O
were O
created O
by O
CorelDraw O
X6 O
. O

This O
result O
suggested O
that O
miR5658 B-CommonName
may O
influence O
vas O
- O
cular O
differentiation B-Process
. O

Table O
S5 O
Effects O
of O
10 O
% O
PEG O
on O
the O
expression O
of O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
in O
roots B-Location
Note O
: O
GhUBQ7 B-CommonName
was O
applied O
as O
the O
internal O
control O
. O

Alternatively O
, O
patterning B-Process
cues O
from O
apical O
sources O
might O
direct O
phloem B-Location
pole O
formation B-Process
, O
for O
instance O
to O
coordinate O
it O
with O
phyllotaxy O
. O

Statistic O
data O
from O
five O
transgenic O
plants O
of O
each O
line O
are O
showed O
as O
mean O
+ O
- O
SE O
. O

The O
approximate O
positions O
of O
the O
sections O
are O
indicated O
as O
red O
lines O
beside O
the O
roots B-Location
. O

G13 O
, O
and O
hence O
included O
as O
an O
outgroup O
. O

a O
13 O
- O
fold O
higher O
amount O
than O
that O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
14 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
7 O
Supplemental O
Data O
. O

Soon O
after O
anthesis B-Location
( O
full O
bloom O
) O
, O
cell B-Process
divisions I-Process
take O
place O
and O
last O
for O
3 O
- O
4 O
weeks O
( O
Lee O
et O
al O
. O

Thus O
, O
we O
predicted O
that O
the O
defects O
of O
IRX3 B-CommonName
: O
CLE41 B-CommonName
would O
be O
attenuated O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
LBD4 B-CommonName
. O

The O
radioactive O
signals O
were O
acquired O
with O
a O
Storm O
PhosphorImager O
and O
the O
ImageQuant O
5 O
. O
1 O
software O
( O
GE O
HealthCare O
Life O
Sciences O
) O
. O

The O
instrument O
in O
Melbourne O
additionally O
harbored O
an O
Andor O
FRAPPA O
scanning O
instrument O
for O
photobleaching O
experiments O
. O

The O
primers O
are O
listed O
in O
Table O
S8 O
. O

* O
Populus B-Species
Hydroxycinnamoyltransferase B-CommonName
1893 O
acyltransferase B-Compound
genes O
broadly O
expressed O
in O
the O
different O
tis O
- O
sues O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Data O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
10 O
( O
B O
) O
and O
12 O
( O
E O
and O
H O
) O
plants O
) O
. O

MsLAC1 B-CommonName
oxidizes O
monolignols B-Compound
in O
vitro O
To O
determine O
the O
enzymatic O
activity O
of O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
, O
we O
gen O
- O
erated O
recombinant O
protein O
in O
Pichia B-Species
pastoris I-Species
. O

All O
names O
of O
functionally O
characterised O
genes O
were O
kept O
as O
they O
are O
currently O
known O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
, O
and O
we O
numbered O
L B-Species
. I-Species

TaCCR2 B-CommonName
and O
PvCCR2 B-CommonName
are O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
leaves B-Location
after O
rust O
infection O
and O
ZmCCR2 B-CommonName
is O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
roots B-Location
after O
water O
stress O
( O
Fan O
et O
al O
. O

Thermal O
cycler O
program O
was O
as O
follows O
: O
95 O
* O
C O
for O
5 O
min O
followed O
by O
35 O
cycles O
of O
94 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
, O
58 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
, O
and O
72 O
* O
C O
for O
50 O
s O
and O
a O
fi O
nal O
at O
72 O
* O
C O
for O
5 O
min O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
was O
expressed O
as O
mg O
/ O
g O
fresh O
weight O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
, O
109 O
, O
989 O
- O
993 O
. O

PtrMYB28 B-CommonName
30 O
, O
PtrMYB152 B-CommonName
31 O
, O
32 O
and O
PtoMYB92 B-CommonName
33 O
have O
been O
reported O
as O
activators O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

In O
consequence O
, O
the O
seed B-Location
development B-Process
was O
very O
rare O
and O
most O
seeds B-Location
aborted O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
2 O
) O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Range O
of O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
alterations O
enhance O
saccharification B-Process
in O
Brachypodium B-Species
distachyon I-Species
mutants O
. O

Clay O
NK O
, O
Nelson O
T O
: O
VH1 B-CommonName
, O
a O
provascular B-Location
cell I-Location
- O
specific O
receptor B-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
that O
influences O
leaf B-Location
cell I-Location
patterns O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Samples O
were O
stained O
with O
toluidine B-Compound
blue I-Compound
. O

For O
total O
internal O
lipid O
extraction O
, O
sheaths O
that O
had O
been O
used O
in O
the O
wax B-Compound
extraction O
were O
re O
- O
extracted O
according O
to O
the O
protocol O
of O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

The O
highly O
active O
maize B-Species
root B-Location
extract O
was O
subjected O
to O
further O
characterization O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
lignin B-Compound
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
signals O
at O
1597 O
and O
1659 O
cm O
- O
1 O
re O
- O
vealed O
that O
the O
concentration O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
cell O
corners O
of O
all O
the O
plants O
was O
much O
higher O
than O
that O
in O
the O
secondary O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

An O
integrative O
approach O
to O
the O
identification O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
genes O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

Here O
we O
provide O
evidence O
in O
Populus B-Species
that O
ARF5 B-CommonName
coordinates O
multiple O
behaviors O
for O
woody O
cell O
differentiation B-Process
via O
directly O
targeting O
HB7 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
8 I-CommonName
paralogs O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
A O
proteoglycan O
mediates O
inductive O
interaction O
during O
plant O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
. O

( O
1986 O
) O
Preparative O
thioacidolysis O
of O
spruce B-Species
lignin B-Compound
: O
isolation O
and O
identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
main O
monomeric O
products O
. O

1 O
Biochemical O
analysis O
of O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
under O
con O
- O
trol O
and O
stress O
conditions O
salt O
stress O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
92 O
: O
9353 O
- O
9357 O
. O

The O
sample O
was O
then O
cooled O
to O
room O
temperature O
, O
washed O
twice O
with O
chloroform O
, O
acidified O
to O
pH O
3 O
with O
5 O
M O
HCl O
and O
extracted O
twice O
with O
chloroform O
. O

The O
GinFT O
gene O
fulfilled O
all O
functions O
of O
a O
florigen B-Compound
antagonist O
, O
including O
binding O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
FD O
and O
its O
tomato B-Species
homolog O
SPGB B-CommonName
( O
38 O
) O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

7 O
) O
was O
highest O
with O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
, O
while O
the O
complementation O
and O
ectopic O
expression O
experi O
- O
ments O
indicated O
an O
increased O
incorporation O
of O
G O
subunit O
into O
lignin B-Compound
, O
both O
in O
relative O
and O
absolute O
terms O
( O
Tables O
1 O
and O
2 O
) O
. O

BirchCCR B-CommonName
represents O
all O
CCR B-CommonName
genes O
from O
birch B-Species
genome O
( O
unpublished O
) O
, O
BlCCR B-CommonName
stands O
for O
the O
sequence O
from O
B B-Species
. I-Species

( O
1997 O
) O
Collapsed O
xylem B-Location
phenotype O
of O
Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
identi O
fi O
es O
mutants O
de O
fi O
cient O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
the O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

The O
highly O
expressed O
genes O
in O
Pd1 O
cover O
almost O
10 O
enzyme O
families O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
the O
most O
of O
LACs B-CommonName
( O
Supplementary O
Figure O
S4 O
) O
. O

Recently O
, O
impressive O
progress O
was O
made O
in O
characterizing O
those O
acyltransferases B-CommonName
responsible O
for O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
polyester B-Compound
aromatics I-Compound
. O

Epistatic O
analysis O
uncovered O
the O
genetic O
interactions O
of O
the O
three O
genes O
and O
clari O
fi O
ed O
the O
roles O
of O
the O
epistatic O
network O
in O
phenotypic O
variations O
. O

For O
example O
, O
it O
would O
have O
been O
a O
reasonable O
guess O
that O
gene O
expression O
would O
change O
relatively O
soon O
after O
gravi O
- O
stimulation O
commenced O
because O
experiments O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
showed O
signi O
fi O
cant O
changes O
in O
expression O
at O
6 O
and O
24 O
h O
( O
Paux O
and O
Carocha O
2005 O
) O
. O

Samples O
were O
then O
diluted O
to O
4 O
% O
H2SO4 O
and O
incubated O
at O
120 O
deg O
C O
for O
4 O
h O
under O
oxygen O
- O
free O
condition O
. O

+ O
These O
authors O
equally O
contributed O
to O
this O
work O
. O

Combining O
xylan B-Compound
- O
deficient O
mutants O
( O
irx10 B-CommonName
/ O
irx10 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
) O
with O
PA O
to O
inhibit O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
the O
xylan B-Compound
- O
deficient O
mutants O
produced O
similar O
results O
( O
Fig O
. O

As O
a O
receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
, O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
recognizes O
its O
li O
- O
gand O
and O
transfers O
the O
signal O
through O
its O
kinase O
activity O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
Designer O
lignins B-Compound
: O
harnessing O
the O
plasticity O
of O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
. O

See O
also O
Supplemental O
Data O
Sets O
3 O
and O
4 O
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
signal O
was O
greater O
as O
lignification B-Process
in O
the O
tissues O
increased O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

The O
thinner B-Location
stem I-Location
observed O
in O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
sup O
- O
pressed O
plants O
may O
reflect O
changes O
associated O
with O
second B-Process
- I-Process
ary I-Process
growth I-Process
. O

Variation O
of O
microfi O
- O
bril O
angle O
, O
density O
and O
fibre B-Location
orientation B-Process
in O
twenty O
- O
nine O
Eucalyptus B-Species
nitens I-Species
trees O
. O

The O
missing O
homoeolog O
of O
CesA6 B-CommonName
belonged O
to O
the O
D O
genome O
but O
we O
obtained O
it O
from O
the O
D O
genome O
progenitor O
Aegilops B-Species
tauschii I-Species
. O

Surprisingly O
, O
the O
AtCCR1 B-CommonName
and O
Ptr B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CCR2 I-CommonName
are O
in O
the O
same O
clade O
, O
indicating O
that O
AtCCR1 B-CommonName
and O
PtrCCR2 B-CommonName
are O
the O
genes O
that O
are O
primarily O
responsible O
for O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
xylem B-Location
. O

As O
shown O
in O
Supplemental O
Figure O
5 O
, O
three O
phosphorylation B-Process
sites O
( O
S275 O
, O
S584 O
, O
and O
T594 O
) O
were O
repeatedly O
detected O
. O

The O
expansion B-Process
of O
the O
CesA B-CommonName
and O
CalS B-CommonName
genes O
observed O
might O
re O
fl O
ect O
both O
a O
func O
- O
tional O
role O
of O
the O
duplicated O
genes O
during O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
bio B-Process
- I-Process
synthesis I-Process
in O
this O
woody O
species O
and O
an O
overlapping O
expression O
pattern O
within O
particular O
tissues O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
is O
formed O
inside O
of O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
after O
the O
cessation O
of O
cell O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
develops O
particularly O
in O
sclerenchyma B-Location
tissues I-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
elements O
( O
Reiter O
2002 O
) O
. O

Vessels B-Location
developed O
in O
the O
mutants O
are O
strongly O
defective O
visible O
by O
the O
shapes O
and O
connections O
. O

SS O
, O
sense O
( O
D O
and O
G O
) O
. O

Its O
protein O
sequence O
is O
unique O
because O
it O
clus O
- O
ters O
as O
an O
orphan O
in O
close O
proximity O
to O
clade O
I O
( O
Fig O
. O

Gion O
JM O
, O
Lalanne O
C O
, O
Le O
Provost O
G O
et O
al O
. O

Family O
CCR B-CommonName
, O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductases I-CommonName
. O

We O
showed O
that O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
interaction O
between O
spontaneously O
activated O
ROP B-CommonName
domains O
and O
cortical O
microtubules O
produces O
pitted O
pattern O
of O
metaxylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

26 O
) O
( O
ovule B-Location
- O
specific O
, O
active O
from O
- O
3 O
to O
10 O
DPA O
) O
; O
( O
iii O
) O
SCFP O
( O
ref O
. O

The O
mature B-Location
fiber I-Location
can O
reach O
to O
30 O
- O
50 O
mm O
in O
length O
. O

Observation O
of O
cross O
sections O
of O
the O
basal O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
six O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
revealed O
that O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thicknesses O
of O
fibers B-Location
and O
vessels B-Location
were O
thinner O
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
than O
in O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

Transcription O
run O
- O
on O
assays O
done O
to O
determine O
whether O
the O
xylem B-Location
- O
spe O
- O
vector O
. O

the O
rounded O
pro O
fi O
les O
at O
the O
edge O
of O
each O
cisterna O
) O
that O
increase O
in O
size O
from O
cis O
to O
trans O
. O

Simulating O
the O
effects O
of O
different O
potassium O
and O
water O
supply O
regimes O
on O
soil O
water O
content O
and O
water O
table O
depth O
over O
a O
rotation O
of O
a O
tropical O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
plantation O
. O

Turner O
, O
Plant O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
: O
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
crossing O
kingdoms O
. O

Ragauskas O
, O
Miscanthus B-Species
: O
a O
fast O
- O
growing O
crop O
for O
biofuels O
and O
chemicals O
production O
, O
Biofuel O
Bioprod O
. O

7B O
, O
the O
recombinant O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
was O
able O
to O
bind O
the O
PdCESA8 B-CommonName
, O
PdGT47C B-CommonName
, O
and O
PdCOMT2 B-CommonName
promoter O
fragments O
and O
cause O
mobility O
shifts O
. O

No O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
transcript O
was O
detected O
within O
wild O
type O
or O
mum2 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
Role O
and O
structural O
characterization O
of O
plant O
aldehyde B-CommonName
dehydrogenases I-CommonName
from O
family O
2 O
and O
family O
7 O
. O

Molecular O
Biology O
Evolution O
28 O
( O
10 O
) O
: O
2731 O
- O
2739 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
molbev O
/ O
msr121 O
. O

Transactivation O
analysis O
in O
yeast O
cells O
and O
rice B-Species
protoplasts O
A O
yeast O
strain O
( O
AH109 O
) O
containing O
the O
HIS3 O
and O
ADE2 O
reporter O
genes O
was O
used O
to O
analyst O
transactivation O
of O
OsMYB103L B-CommonName
and O
truncation O
forms O
as O
described O
previ O
- O
ously O
( O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Comparative O
structure O
and O
biome O
- O
chanics O
of O
plant O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

However O
, O
the O
intricate O
subcellular O
patterns O
observed O
in O
this O
system O
are O
rather O
a O
result O
of O
the O
prior O
formation B-Process
of O
localized O
secondary B-Compound
cellulosic I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
Oda O
and O
Fukuda O
, O
2012a O
, O
2012b O
) O
. O

To O
increase O
biomass O
production O
, O
trees O
can O
be O
engineered O
for O
delayed O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
and O
improved O
tolerance O
to O
environmental O
stresses O
( O
Sticklen O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
the O
eight O
genes O
, O
PaXTH3 B-CommonName
. I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
or O
PaXTH23 B-CommonName
expres O
- O
sion O
was O
shown O
to O
be O
suppressed O
by O
both O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
and O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
relative O
expression O
ratios O
obtained O
from O
RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
were O
validated O
using O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
with O
three O
bio O
- O
logical O
replicates O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Identi O
fi O
ca O
- O
tion O
of O
the O
minimal O
repression O
domain O
of O
SUPERMAN O
shows O
that O
the O
DLELRL O
hexapeptide O
is O
both O
necessary O
and O
suf O
fi O
cient O
for O
repression O
of O
transcription O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Jmjd1a O
directly O
and O
positively O
controls O
Sry O
expression O
by O
regulating O
H3K9me2 B-Compound
marks O
. O

Plant O
Physiol O
121 O
: O
1273 O
- O
1280 O
Cosgrove O
DJ O
( O
2005 O
) O
Growth B-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
the O
GH28 O
polygalacturonase B-CommonName
superfamily O
. O

Values O
in O
parentheses O
are O
for O
the O
highest O
resolution O
shell O
. O

cell O
fate O
| O
plant O
development B-Process
| O
xylem B-Location
| O
brassinosteroids B-Compound
| O
phytosulfokine B-Compound
A O
key O
function O
of O
signaling O
networks O
in O
multicellular O
organ O
- O
isms O
is O
to O
ensure O
robust O
determination O
and O
maintenance O
of O
cell O
fate O
. O

Stomata B-Location
number O
calculation O
of O
abaxial O
leaf B-Location
epidermis I-Location
was O
performed O
microscopically O
( O
Nikon O
Eclipse O
E O
- O
600 O
) O
for O
both O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
plants O
. O

Author O
Contributions O
* O
Miaomiao O
Cai O
and O
Fei O
Ni O
performed O
the O
experiments O
, O
authored O
or O
reviewed O
drafts O
of O
the O
paper O
, O
approved O
the O
final O
draft O
. O

The O
Cellulase B-CommonName
KORRIGAN B-CommonName
is O
part O
of O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
. O

Four O
bulks O
of O
10 O
individuals O
each O
, O
from O
each O
tail O
of O
the O
distribution O
, O
were O
constructed O
by O
mixing O
equimolar O
amounts O
of O
genomic O
DNA O
. O

The O
GUS O
expression O
pattern O
obtained O
with O
the O
GT43B B-CommonName
promoter O
in O
the O
pK O
- O
GT43B B-CommonName
- O
GW7 O
construct O
showed O
high O
speci O
fi O
city O
to O
developing O
wood B-Compound
and O
fi B-Location
bres I-Location
in O
roots B-Location
and O
shoots B-Location
( O
Figure O
4 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
strength O
of O
the O
promoter O
can O
be O
deduced O
from O
the O
CE5 B-CommonName
transgene O
overexpression O
experiments O
( O
Figure O
5 O
) O
. O

Treatments O
were O
carried O
out O
the O
third O
day O
after O
sub O
- O
culture O
, O
at O
the O
beginning O
of O
the O
exponential O
phase O
. O

Cloning O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
serotonin B-CommonName
N I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
acetyltransferase I-CommonName
and O
its O
role O
with O
caffeic B-CommonName
acid I-CommonName
O I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
methyltransferase I-CommonName
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
melatonin B-Compound
in O
vitro O
despite O
their O
different O
subcellular O
localizations O
. O

Scale O
bars O
= O
10 O
( O
A O
and O
G O
) O
and O
5 O
( O
D O
) O
u O
m O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Real O
- O
time O
RT O
- O
PCR O
of O
different O
peroxidase B-CommonName
genes O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
MONOPTEROS B-CommonName
controls O
embryonic O
root B-Location
initiation O
by O
regu O
- O
lating O
a O
mobile O
transcription O
factor O
. O

For O
clustering O
analysis O
, O
normalized O
values O
were O
first O
trans O
- O
formed O
in O
a O
logarithmic O
base O
- O
2 O
scale O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Physiol O
46 O
: O
339 O
- O
355 O
Kim O
HJ O
, O
Triplett O
BA O
( O
2001 O
) O
Cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
growth B-Process
in O
planta O
and O
in O
vitro O
. O

A O
database O
of O
21 O
- O
base O
- O
long O
sequences O
was O
produced O
beginning O
with O
CATG O
using O
37 O
, O
505 O
reference O
genes O
from O
the O
diploid O
species O
G O
. O

The O
major O
components O
of O
the O
second B-Compound
- I-Compound
ary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
are O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
hemicellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
, O
which O
constitute O
the O
most O
abundant O
biopolymers O
produced O
by O
plants O
. O

Generally O
, O
a O
transcription O
fac O
- O
tor O
regulates O
various O
physiological O
processes O
via O
induc O
- O
tion O
and O
/ O
or O
suppression O
of O
downstream O
gene O
expressions O
. O

The O
duration O
of O
each O
injection O
was O
4 O
s O
with O
150 O
- O
s O
spacing O
. O

1d O
) O
, O
corroborating O
that O
the O
BS1 B-CommonName
gene O
is O
affected O
in O
the O
bs1 B-CommonName
mutant O
. O

( O
1996 O
) O
A O
member O
of O
the O
KNOTTED B-CommonName
class I-CommonName
of I-CommonName
homeodomain I-CommonName
proteins I-CommonName
encoded O
by O
the O
STM B-CommonName
gene O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Phylogenetic O
trees O
were O
constructed O
from O
multiple O
sequence O
alignments O
using O
the O
neigh O
- O
bor O
- O
joining O
method O
on O
the O
p O
- O
distance O
method O
in O
MEGA O
7 O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Top O
: O
Schematic O
diagrams O
of O
theDFR2 O
and O
CCoAOMT1promoters O
showing O
the O
locations O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
by O
ChIP O
- O
qPCR O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
CSCs O
that O
traversed O
microtubules O
may O
interact O
with O
them O
via O
the O
protein O
CSI1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
POM2 I-CommonName
, O
which O
caused O
the O
lateral O
microtubule O
displace O
- O
ment O
. O

Hence O
, O
methods O
to O
fi O
xate O
, O
in O
fi O
ltrate O
and O
embed O
mature O
hemp B-Species
stems B-Location
are O
of O
great O
interest O
. O

Further O
studies O
are O
required O
to O
test O
this O
supposi O
- O
tion O
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
di O
ff O
erentially O
expressed O
genes O
A O
total O
of O
140 O
, O
486 O
unigenes O
were O
detected O
from O
the O
clean O
reads O
of O
all O
three O
samples O
as O
described O
above O
. O

Cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
, O
a O
highly O
elongated O
cell O
derived O
from O
the O
ovule B-Location
epider I-Location
- I-Location
mis I-Location
, O
is O
characteristic O
of O
the O
genus O
Gossypium B-Species
8 O
. O

PtX14A9 B-CommonName
is O
actively O
transcribed O
in O
xylem B-Location
but O
not O
embryos B-Location
suggesting O
the O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
city O
is O
due O
to O
differences O
in O
transcription O
( O
Fig O
. O

FvP O
conducted O
all O
analyses O
and O
wrote O
the O
paper O
. O

CLE25 B-CommonName
mainly O
regu O
- O
lates O
phloem B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
is O
expressed O
in O
the O
phloem B-Location
cell I-Location
lineage O
of O
stems B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
( O
Ren O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2019 O
) O
. O

To O
determine O
possible O
functional O
redundancy O
, O
we O
con O
- O
structed O
double O
mutants O
of O
vrlk1 B-CommonName
and O
m760 B-CommonName
and O
of O
vrlk1 B-CommonName
and O
m780 B-CommonName
. O

The O
LASSO O
model O
as O
described O
by O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

In O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
overexpression O
transgenic O
seedlings O
, O
protoxylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
be O
- O
come O
discontinuous O
, O
and O
the O
spiral O
wall B-Compound
thickening B-Process
of O
the O
TEs B-Location
was O
reduced O
. O

The O
process O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
and O
the O
resulting O
xylem B-Location
phenotype O
are O
strongly O
affected O
by O
environmental O
conditions O
such O
as O
water O
( O
Arend O
& O
Fromm O
2007 O
) O
, O
nutrient O
( O
Lautner O
et O
al O
. O

Table O
1 O
shows O
that O
the O
pectin B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
di O
ff O
ered O
from O
that O
in O
the O
WT O
plants O
. O

1B O
) O
, O
in O
which O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
heavily O
deposited O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
. O

Lignin B-Compound
with O
different O
compositions O
of O
three O
lignin B-Compound
monomers O
is O
found O
in O
the O
wood B-Compound
tissues O
of O
various O
plant O
species O
. O

We O
aimed O
to O
identify O
putative O
homologues O
in O
E B-Species
. I-Species

( O
1996 O
) O
Genetic O
engineering O
of O
plant O
secondary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
. O

In O
conclusion O
, O
the O
compound O
was O
tentatively O
assigned O
as O
H O
( O
8 O
- O
8 O
) O
H O
dihexoside O
. O

In O
an O
effort O
to O
identify O
putative O
targets O
, O
we O
stably O
transformed O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
with O
a O
35S O
: O
: O
PrMADS10 B-CommonName
construct O
. O

Therefore O
, O
screening O
and O
identifying O
PbPALs B-CommonName
related O
to O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
is O
important O
for O
understanding O
the O
regulation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
stone B-Location
cell I-Location
development B-Process
in O
pear B-Species
. O

A O
b O
- O
galactosidase O
assay O
was O
per O
- O
formed O
as O
described O
above O
. O

Moreover O
, O
smaller O
leaf B-Location
area O
and O
fewer O
leaves B-Location
may O
explain O
the O
reduction O
in O
plant O
height O
due O
to O
accompanied O
reduction O
of O
total O
photosynthetic O
capacity O
, O
which O
may O
have O
implications O
for O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biopolymer O
synthesis B-Process
due O
to O
carbon O
availability O
. O

Discussion O
GA B-CommonName
20 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
appears O
to O
be O
key O
enzyme O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
GA B-Compound
- O
controlled O
growth B-Process
( O
see O
recent O
review O
by O
Hedden O
and O
Kamiya O
12 O
) O
. O

VNI2 B-CommonName
interacts O
with O
VND7 B-CommonName
and O
other O
VND B-CommonName
family O
proteins O
to O
negatively O
regulate O
TE B-Location
differentiation B-Process
( O
Yamaguchi O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010a O
) O
. O

Har O
- O
vested O
samples O
were O
immediately O
placed O
in O
prechilled O
acetone O
for O
20 O
min O
, O
after O
which O
they O
were O
rinsed O
with O
chilled O
water O
. O

Wong O
MM O
, O
Cannon O
CH O
, O
Wickneswari O
R O
. O

REFERENCES O
An O
N O
, O
Ding O
GJ O
. O

The O
process O
was O
associated O
with O
an O
increase O
of O
total O
NAA B-Compound
amount O
but O
with O
a O
depletion O
of O
intracellular O
free O
NAA B-Compound
due O
to O
enhanced O
NAA B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
. O

Yellow O
arrowheads O
indicate O
CesA B-CommonName
particles O
that O
move O
along O
cortical O
microtubules O
( O
red O
) O
. O

bungei I-Species
tissue O
types O
were O
assessed O
using O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
. O

Curr O
Opin O
Plant O
Biol O
10 O
: O
564 O
- O
572 O
Zhong O
R O
, O
Ye O
ZH O
( O
2012 O
) O
MYB46 B-CommonName
and O
MYB83 B-CommonName
bind O
to O
the O
SMRE O
sites O
and O
directly O
activate O
a O
suite O
of O
transcription O
factors O
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

32 O
| O
16131 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
Downloaded O
at O
National O
Taiwan O
Univ O
. O

In O
order O
to O
retain O
query O
genes O
in O
the O
network O
, O
the O
following O
conditions O
had O
to O
be O
fulfilled O
: O
each O
query O
gene O
had O
to O
be O
connected O
to O
at O
least O
two O
other O
query O
genes O
and O
a O
query O
gene O
had O
to O
be O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
at O
least O
50 O
other O
genes O
( O
Table O
S3 O
) O
. O

dosa00052 O
Galactose B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
( O
1 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os02t0106100 O
- O
01 O
Os02g0106100 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Fructosyltransferase B-CommonName
. O

How O
- O
ever O
, O
current O
Miscanthus B-Species
biomass O
utilization O
for O
biofuel O
production O
is O
largely O
limited O
by O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
recalcitrance O
towards O
biochemical O
conversion O
, O
to O
which O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
quality O
contributes O
significantly O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Gene O
and O
protein O
structures O
of O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
and O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
. O

Model O
- O
based O
analysis O
of O
ChIP O
- O
Seq O
( O
MACS O
) O
. O

All O
genes O
with O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
in O
AspWood O
were O
ranked O
according O
to O
their O
BTW O
, O
and O
the O
top O
20 O
% O
genes O
( O
n O
, O
2 O
, O
777 O
) O
were O
de O
fi O
ned O
as O
hub O
genes O
( O
listed O
in O
Supplementary O
Table O
S4 O
) O
. O

In O
brief O
, O
the O
cDNA O
sequence O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
, O
PXY B-CommonName
or O
BAK1 B-CommonName
were O
cloned O
into O
pNX32_GW O
, O
and O
PXY B-CommonName
and O
BAK1 B-CommonName
were O
cloned O
into O
MetYC_GW O
. O

Translation O
start O
sites O
( O
indicated O
by O
ATG O
) O
and O
the O
2000 O
bp O
sequences O
upstream O
of O
the O
translation O
start O
sites O
of O
these O
genes O
were O
obtained O
from O
( O
Phytozome O
; O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
phytozome O
. O
jgi O
. O
doe O
. O
gov O
/ O
) O
. O

Miscanthus B-Species
is O
considered O
as O
a O
ligno O
- O
cellulosic B-Compound
biomass O
producing O
crop O
and O
has O
been O
wildly O
investigated O
as O
one O
of O
the O
most O
promising O
bioenergy O
crops O
in O
North O
America O
, O
Asia O
and O
Europe O
[ O
48 O
, O
49 O
] O
. O

Additional O
details O
about O
the O
sets O
of O
genes O
compared O
and O
the O
computa O
- O
tional O
and O
statistical O
procedures O
are O
available O
in O
the O
methods O
section O
. O

The O
greatest O
mean O
number O
of O
peaks O
identi O
fi O
ed O
with O
a O
lenient O
threshold O
, O
by O
a O
large O
margin O
, O
was O
called O
by O
F O
- O
SEQ O
( O
Fig O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
L B-Compound
- I-Compound
Phe I-Compound
into O
lignin B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
deposition B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
occur O
in O
specialized O
cells O
and O
thus O
plants O
have O
evolved O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
to O
control O
the O
expression O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
related O
genes O
in O
specialized O
cells O
. O

However O
, O
Golgi O
paused O
at O
SCW B-Compound
domains O
may O
represent O
a O
small O
proportion O
of O
the O
population O
of O
Golgi O
stacks O
, O
which O
may O
explain O
why O
the O
larger O
population O
of O
Golgi O
bodies O
remains O
randomly O
distributed O
in O
the O
narrow O
cortical O
cytoplasm O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
115 O
: O
3488 O
- O
3493 O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
identified O
the O
maize B-Species
( O
Zea B-Species
mays I-Species
) O
wilty5 B-CommonName
( O
wi5 B-CommonName
) O
mutant O
, O
which O
exhibits O
marked O
dwarfing O
and O
leaf B-Location
wilting B-Process
throughout O
most O
of O
its O
life O
cycle O
under O
normal O
growth O
conditions O
. O

( O
N O
, O
O O
) O
Illustration O
of O
the O
quantifcation O
process O
of O
dead O
non B-Location
- I-Location
TE I-Location
areas O
of O
induced O
cotyledons B-Location
based O
on O
autofuorescence O
micrographs O
. O

distachyon I-Species
( I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) I-Species
line O
Bd21 O
- O
3 O
was O
used O
as O
the O
genetic O
background O
( O
Vogel O
and O
Hill O
, O
2008 O
) O
. O

As O
a O
negative O
control O
, O
we O
co O
- O
bombarded O
a O
plasmid O
with O
the O
maize B-Species
ubiquitin O
promoter O
driving O
GFP O
expres O
- O
sion O
. O

Exploratory O
multivariate O
analysis O
by O
example O
using O
R O
: O
Chapman O
and O
Hall O
/ O
CRC O
. O

S6 O
The O
expression O
of O
NAC004 B-CommonName
and O
NAC005 B-CommonName
in O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutants O
and O
different O
tissues O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
plants O
. O

After O
centrifugation O
, O
800 O
u O
L O
of O
the O
liquid O
phase O
was O
lyophilised O
in O
a O
speedvac O
, O
100 O
u O
L O
cyclohexane O
was O
added O
to O
dissolve O
the O
pellet O
followed O
by O
another O
100 O
u O
L O
water O
. O

' O
s O
study O
most O
strongly O
correlated O
with O
that O
of O
these O
three O
secondary O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
were O
also O
down O
- O
regu O
- O
lated O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

CESAs B-CommonName
are O
membrane O
- O
spanning O
proteins O
and O
small O
side O
chain O
residues O
often O
occur O
at O
the O
TMDs O
as O
a O
requirement O
of O
helix O
folding O
and O
structural O
stability O
. O

grown O
under O
long O
- O
day O
conditions O
; O
cross O
- O
sections O
are O
from O
the O
first O
internodes B-Location
of O
the O
plants O
shown O
in O
A O
. O

PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
was O
translocated O
from O
the O
cytosol O
( O
Fig O
. O

S4b O
) O
, O
as O
validated O
by O
quantifying O
the O
percentage O
of O
fl O
uores O
- O
cent O
nuclei O
and O
fl O
uorescence O
intensity O
per O
nucleus O
( O
Fig O
. O

and O
Cvrc O
V O
kova O
' O
, O
F O
. O

Electrolyte O
leakage O
analysis O
revealed O
that O
, O
there O
was O
no O
significant O
difference O
in O
electrolyte O
leakage O
in O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
under O
control O
conditions O
. O

All O
primers O
used O
in O
ChIP O
assays O
are O
listed O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

Plant O
peptide O
- O
mediated O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
restriction O
| O
2209 O
Fig O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
7 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
4 O
. O

With O
extensive O
sampling O
, O
the O
different O
planes O
of O
section O
of O
Golgi O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

The O
scatterplot O
shows O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
the O
981 O
DEGs O
between O
WT O
and O
pSFT O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
in O
the O
sft B-CommonName
vs O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
AtsPLA2 O
- O
alpha O
nuclear O
relocalization O
by O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
transcription O
factor O
AtMYB30 B-CommonName
leads O
to O
repression O
of O
the O
plant O
defense O
response O
. O

Our O
results O
also O
indicated O
that O
overexpression O
of O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
induced O
the O
expression O
of O
MYB75 B-CommonName
, O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
33 O
. O

Family O
GT31 B-CommonName
, O
subgroup O
B O
, O
galactosyl B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
. O

The O
analysis O
revealed O
that O
out O
of O
1 O
, O
914 O
DEGs O
in O
roots B-Location
and O
1 O
, O
171 O
DEGs O
in O
stem B-Location
, O
only O
117 O
were O
common O
to O
both O
organs O
( O
Figure O
2B O
) O
. O

The O
immune O
rabbit O
serum O
was O
puri O
fi O
ed O
with O
GST O
- O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
fusion O
protein O
and O
detected O
with O
extracted O
protein O
of O
E B-Species
. I-Species

16 O
Phylogenetic O
Tree O
Analysis O
394 O
Arabidopsis B-Species
MYB20 B-CommonName
was O
used O
as O
query O
to O
perform O
a O
BLASTP O
search O
against O
all O
395 O
genes O
annotated O
on O
19 O
published O
genomes O
, O
covering O
all O
main O
Archaeplastida O
clades O
396 O
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S2 O
) O
. O

Brachy B-Species
- I-Species
podium I-Species
distachyon I-Species
calli O
transformations O
were O
carried O
out O
with O
minor O
modi O
fi O
cations O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Handakumbura O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
DUF231 B-CommonName
family O
is O
a O
large O
, O
plant O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
fam O
- O
ily O
with O
46 O
members O
[ O
33 O
] O
. O

Thickening B-Process
of O
fiber B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
the O
phloem B-Location
, O
which O
consists O
of O
sieve O
elements O
, O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
required O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
1297 O
Table O
3 O
. O

This O
unbalanced O
induction O
might O
inhibit O
the O
metabolic O
fl O
ux O
toward O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
, O
and O
induce O
the O
appar O
- O
ent O
difference O
in O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
between O
the O
two O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
between O
Line O
# O
8 O
and O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
plant O
. O

Scale O
bar O
, O
upper O
left O
: O
50 O
lm O
( O
for O
six O
upper O
panels O
) O
. O

Each O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
was O
reproduced O
for O
three O
independent O
experiments O
with O
three O
biological O
replicates O
of O
plant O
materials O
. O

Line O
45 O
showed O
narrower O
secondary B-Location
vascular I-Location
tissue I-Location
with O
smaller O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
compared O
to O
Line O
51 O
( O
Figure O
3h O
, O
i O
, O
l O
, O
m O
) O
. O

This O
potential O
utility O
remains O
to O
be O
tested O
. O

DNA O
base O
mutation O
in O
the O
core O
sequences O
to O
determine O
the O
speci O
fi O
city O
of O
the O
two O
novel O
motifs O
recognized O
by O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
( O
A O
, O
B O
) O
Analysis O
of O
the O
speci O
fi O
c O
bindings O
of O
the O
two O
novel O
motifs O
to O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
using O
Y1H O
assay O
. O

How O
the O
expression O
of O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A2 I-CommonName
itself O
is O
regulated O
has O
remained O
unknown O
. O

Genome O
Biol O
5 O
: O
R80 O
Heo O
JO O
, O
Blob O
B O
, O
Helariutta O
Y O
( O
2017 O
) O
Differentiation B-Process
of O
conductive O
cells O
: O
A O
matter O
of O
life O
and O
death O
. O

Thus O
, O
although O
Golgi O
are O
found O
in O
close O
proximity O
to O
SCWs B-Compound
, O
they O
do O
not O
appear O
to O
Figure O
3 O
. O

Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
, O
values O
are O
means O
, O
error O
bars O
are O
SD O
, O
n O
= O
3 O
technical O
reps O
. O

2006 O
) O
, O
maritime B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
Paiva O
et O
al O
. O

ANX B-CommonName
RLKs B-CommonName
Regulate O
Exocytosis B-Process
at O
the O
Apical O
Plasma O
Membrane O
of O
Pollen B-Location
Tubes I-Location
One O
of O
the O
many O
roles O
proposed O
for O
the O
tip O
- O
focused O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
gradient O
is O
to O
facilitate O
and O
stimulate O
exocytosis B-Process
at O
the O
site O
of O
growth B-Process
[ O
54 O
, O
55 O
] O
, O
where O
the O
exocyst O
complex O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
function O
[ O
56 O
] O
. O

The O
Eucalyptus B-Species
genome O
integrative O
explorer O
( O
EucGenIE O
) O
: O
a O
resource O
for O
Eucalyptusgenomics O
and O
transcriptomics O
. O

These O
RNA O
- O
seq O
libraries O
were O
sequenced O
using O
the O
Illumina O
GAIIx O
platform O
at O
the O
Genomic O
Science O
Laboratory O
, O
North O
Carolina O
State O
University O
. O

The O
MS O
/ O
MS O
has O
been O
published O
before O
in O
( O
53 O
) O
. O

The O
role O
of O
the O
protein O
was O
further O
explored O
by O
microarray O
analysis O
. O

c O
- O
MYB1 B-CommonName
: O
: O
3xFLAG O
protein O
nuclear O
detection O
by O
fluorescence O
microscopy O
in O
tECL O
. O

For O
CBH O
and O
% O
BARK O
how O
- O
ever O
, O
no O
evidence O
for O
linked O
QTL O
were O
found O
. O

The O
deposition B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
is O
developmentally O
regulated O
, O
and O
different O
cell O
types O
generate O
distinctive O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
patterns O
. O

O O
' O
Neill O
, O
Eshchar O
Mizrachi O
, O
4 O
Alexander O
A O
. O

Replicate O
samples O
clus O
- O
tered O
together O
, O
and O
there O
was O
a O
clear O
separation O
be O
- O
tween O
the O
samples O
derived O
from O
the O
xylem B-Location
and O
the O
cambium B-Location
/ O
phloem B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
pathway O
is O
represented O
by O
21 O
monolignol B-Compound
genes O
( O
turquoise O
circles O
) O
identi O
fi O
ed O
from O
the O
genome O
sequence O
, O
and O
their O
corresponding O
transcripts O
( O
blue O
circles O
) O
and O
proteins O
( O
red O
circles O
) O
. O

Simulations O
and O
Energy O
Measurements O
The O
initial O
coordinates O
for O
the O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
Glc I-Compound
substrate O
in O
RsBCSA B-CommonName
were O
taken O
directly O
from O
the O
PDB O
ID O
: O
5EIY O
crystal O
structure O
. O

4 O
Activation O
of O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
promoter O
by O
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
SCM B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
from O
M B-Species
. I-Species

Conesa O
A O
, O
Terol O
J O
, O
Robles O
M O
. O

The O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
with O
Log O
2 O
> O
= O
1 O
213 O
and O
< O
= O
- O
1 O
and O
with O
False O
Discovery O
Rate O
adjusted O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
between O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
- O
0 O
transgenic O
214 O
and O
control O
plants O
were O
selected O
. O

Aspeborg O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Carbohydrate O
- O
active O
enzymes O
involved O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biogenesis B-Process
in O
hybrid O
aspen B-Species
. O

This O
difference O
between O
the O
two O
lines O
might O
, O
in O
part O
at O
least O
, O
be O
due O
to O
the O
different O
level O
of O
the O
induc O
- O
tion O
of O
gene O
expression O
of O
different O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
. O

Note O
the O
strong O
expression O
in O
the O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
portion O
of O
the O
corm O
. O

Unravelling O
the O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
that O
modulate O
the O
MEP B-Compound
pathway O
in O
higher O
plants O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
cortical O
microtubules O
restrict O
the O
localization O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
anchored O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
complex O
. O

1998 O
) O
, O
but O
only O
the O
fi O
rst O
two O
cluster O
within O
lignin B-Compound
- O
associated O
clade O
I O
. O

hirsutum I-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
RNAs O
, O
and O
the O
screening O
was O
performed O
as O
reported O
previously O
( O
Shan O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2014 O
) O
. O

MATERIAL O
AND O
METHODS O
Plant O
material O
and O
growth O
conditions O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
cv O
. O

Introduction O
During O
the O
past O
decade O
, O
genetic O
engineering O
of O
wood B-Compound
properties O
has O
gone O
from O
an O
idea O
to O
reality O
. O

It O
is O
unclear O
whether O
the O
observed O
concentric O
layers O
in O
the O
JFW15 O
line O
are O
overpronounced O
growth B-Process
rings O
of O
the O
same O
nature O
as O
those O
discussed O
above O
. O

Approximately O
2 O
kb O
of O
each O
of O
the O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
promoters O
driving O
GUS O
were O
used O
as O
reporters O
. O

The O
authors O
described O
" O
CESA7 B-CommonName
- O
containing O
organelles O
" O
actively O
streaming O
through O
the O
cytoplasm O
and O
pausing O
at O
domains O
of O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
( O
12 O
) O
. O

The O
overexpression O
of O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
also O
caused O
an O
important O
delay O
on O
growth B-Process
of O
the O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
stems I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

New O
techniques O
enable O
comparative O
analysis O
of O
microtubule O
orientation B-Process
, O
wall O
texture O
, O
and O
growth B-Process
rate O
in O
intact O
roots B-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Performance O
of O
various O
peak O
- O
calling O
algorithms O
in O
identifying O
DNase O
I O
40 O
hypersensitive O
sites O
( O
DHSs O
) O
. O

When O
plants O
ectopically O
expressing O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
( O
p35S O
: O
: O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
p35S O
: O
: O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
) O
were O
grown O
under O
constant O
light O
, O
both O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
composition O
in O
stem B-Location
were O
affected O
. O

( O
H O
) O
DIC O
images O
of O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
in O
roots B-Location
. O

In O
support O
of O
this O
proposal O
, O
flowering B-Process
and O
independent O
maturation B-Process
of O
the O
vasculature O
in O
the O
short O
- O
day O
S O
. O
g O
. O

The O
solid O
- O
state O
13 O
C O
cross O
- O
polarization O
- O
magic O
angle O
spinning O
( O
MAS O
) O
nuclear O
magnetic O
resonance O
( O
NMR O
) O
spectra O
of O
intact O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
showed O
substantial O
changes O
in O
the O
carbohydrate O
region O
of O
the O
mutant O
( O
Fig O
. O

Yes O
Peptide B-CommonName
12 I-CommonName
RYSNSAGGVSGPIPGGPT O
AT1G76160 O
SKU5 B-CommonName
SIMILAR I-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
( O
sks5 B-CommonName
) O
Significant O
difference O
in O
peptide O
analysis O
( O
Dataset O
S1 O
) O
. O

Microcores O
were O
also O
cut O
into O
two O
parts O
along O
their O
radial O
transverse O
plane O
( O
8 O
x O
2 O
x O
2 O
mm O
radial O
, O
tangential O
and O
longitudinal O
) O
. O

Genome O
Res O
13 O
: O
137 O
- O
144 O
Bleichert O
F O
, O
Baserga O
SJ O
( O
2007 O
) O
The O
long O
unwinding O
road O
of O
RNA O
helicases B-CommonName
. O

Error O
bars O
show O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
6 O
, O
* O
* O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
) O
. O

Protein O
motif O
search O
in O
the O
Pfam O
and O
SMART O
databases O
predicted O
that O
the O
kinase O
domain O
of O
PXC1 B-CommonName
resembles O
that O
of O
the O
animal O
receptor O
tyrosine O
kinase O
domain O
, O
which O
is O
an O
unusual O
characteris O
- O
tic O
for O
a O
plant O
RLK B-CommonName
[ O
26 O
] O
. O

Real O
- O
time O
reverse O
transcription O
PCR O
analysis O
con O
fi O
rmed O
that O
XVP B-CommonName
expression O
was O
repressed O
by O
overex O
- O
pression O
of O
CLE41 B-CommonName
as O
well O
( O
Fig O
. O

Leaf O
disks O
were O
cut O
from O
infiltrated O
leaves B-Location
, O
thereby O
mechanically O
inducing O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

Swarnkar O
* O
Yelam O
Sreenivasulu O
* O
Sanjay O
Kumar O
* O
Neeraj O
Kumar O
* O
Ravi O
Shankar O
* O
Paramvir O
Singh O
Ahuja O
* O
Anil O
Kumar O
Singh O
Received O
: O
26 O
August O
2014 O
/ O
Accepted O
: O
18 O
February O
2015 O
/ O
Published O
online O
: O
10 O
March O
2015 O
( O
c O
) O
Springer O
Science O
+ O
Business O
Media O
Dordrecht O
2015 O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
with O
altered O
S O
: O
G O
ratio O
under O
salt O
stress O
. O

In O
an O
effort O
to O
design O
optimal O
breeding O
and O
selection O
strategies O
it O
is O
essential O
to O
identify O
alleles O
that O
are O
responsible O
for O
gen O
- O
erating O
favourable O
or O
unfavourable O
genetic O
correlations O
( O
Hallingb O
EUR O
ack O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2014 O
) O
. O

The O
associated O
loci O
exhibited O
various O
effects O
on O
traits O
. O

hirsutum I-Species
fibers B-Location
collected O
at O
6 O
and O
12 O
DPA O
, O
respectively O
. O

Contrary O
to O
our O
fi O
ndings O
, O
a O
slight O
reduction O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
observed O
in O
double O
mutants O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
irx15 B-CommonName
irx15 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
) O
( O
Brown O
et O
al O
. O

2318 O
The O
Plant O
Cell O
promotes O
root B-Location
elongation B-Process
by O
enhancing O
cell O
expansion B-Process
( O
Figure O
2 O
) O
, O
a O
process O
not O
associated O
with O
VND7 B-CommonName
function O
, O
suggesting O
that O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
may O
have O
additional O
downstream O
components O
in O
plant O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

The O
resulting O
plasmid O
and O
empty O
plasmid O
were O
introduced O
into O
Agrobacterium O
tume O
- O
faciens O
EHA105 O
by O
electroporation O
, O
and O
bsh1 B-CommonName
was O
trans O
- O
formed O
following O
a O
published O
method O
( O
Hiei O
et O
al O
. O

Seedlings O
were O
heated O
to O
45 O
deg O
C O
for O
4 O
to O
72 O
h O
in O
49 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
methanol O
: O
1 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
acetic O
acid O
solution O
with O
gentle O
shaking O
to O
wash O
away O
unincorporated O
NBD O
- O
CA O
. O

However O
NormFinder O
ranks O
TFIIA B-CommonName
among O
the O
4 O
most O
stable O
genes O
when O
all O
the O
tissues O
are O
taken O
into O
account O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

This O
protocol O
also O
enabled O
the O
simultaneous O
analysis O
of O
more O
samples O
, O
60 O
samples O
per O
run O
. O

We O
also O
thank O
Idan O
Efroni O
, O
Benny O
Podbilewicz O
, O
Zach O
Lippman O
, O
Sarah O
F O
. O

Phenotype O
and O
Development O
of O
Greenhouse O
- O
Grown O
Wild O
- O
Type O
( O
WT O
) O
and O
Mutant O
Lines O
. O

Corea O
, O
Oliver O
RA O
, O
et O
al O
. O

3 O
, O
the O
physical O
locations O
of O
these O
PtAPs B-CommonName
on O
chromo O
- O
somes O
were O
scattered O
and O
uneven O
. O

Due O
to O
the O
presence O
of O
a O
typical O
Degron O
motif O
in O
its O
Domain O
II O
, O
auxin B-Compound
- O
responsive O
protein O
stability O
of O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
fused O
with O
a O
green O
fl O
uorescent O
protein O
( O
GFP O
) O
tag O
was O
monitored O
in O
transiently O
expressed O
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
tobacco B-Species
leaves B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

DISCUSSION O
Numerous O
rosette O
CSCs O
were O
visible O
with O
freeze O
fracture O
elec O
- O
tron O
microscopy O
in O
protonemal B-Location
tips I-Location
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

2004 O
) O
, O
and O
A7 O
( O
2 O
/ O
2 O
) O
murine O
cardiomyocytes O
( O
Schrickel O
et O
al O
. O

Burks O
PS O
, O
Kaiser O
CM O
, O
Hawkins O
EM O
, O
Brown O
PJ O
( O
2015 O
) O
Genomewide O
association O
for O
sugar O
yield O
in O
sweet O
sorghum B-Species
. O

Department O
of O
Energy O
Great O
Lakes O
Bioenergy O
Research O
Center O
( O
grant O
no O
. O

Arrows O
indicate O
nodes B-Location
of O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
after O
hand O
- O
bending O
. O

Across O
the O
different O
thresholds O
for O
including O
Pfam O
data O
in O
the O
final O
calculation O
, O
the O
localization O
algorithm O
performs O
much O
better O
than O
random O
localization O
as O
shown O
as O
dotted O
line O
on O
the O
ROC O
plots O
. O

The O
improved O
wood B-Compound
digestibility O
of O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgenic O
aspen B-Species
may O
be O
attributed O
to O
several O
concurrent O
factors O
. O

Our O
data O
show O
that O
salt O
exposure O
reduced O
the O
esterified O
FA B-Compound
levels O
by O
~ O
30 O
% O
in O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
and O
plant O
roots B-Location
, O
compared O
to O
the O
controls O
( O
Fig O
. O

It O
was O
assumed O
that O
the O
experimental O
treatment O
would O
not O
alter O
the O
expression O
of O
the O
reference O
genes O
, O
but O
would O
instead O
affect O
the O
expression O
of O
the O
stress B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
associated I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
. O

( O
C O
) O
The O
quantitative O
Real O
- O
Time O
PCR O
( O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
) O
of O
structural O
genes O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Results O
were O
normalized O
to O
the O
input O
DNA O
, O
using O
the O
following O
equation O
: O
1003 O
2 O
( O
Ct O
input O
2 O
3 O
. O
32 O
2 O
Ct O
ChIP O
) O
. O

If O
activation O
of O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
mediating O
florigen B-Compound
in O
stems B-Location
, O
then O
high O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
expression O
would O
be O
expected O
to O
mimic O
the O
phenotypic O
expression O
and O
GO O
of O
florigen B-Compound
in O
stems B-Location
, O
at O
least O
partly O
independent O
of O
florigen B-Compound
. O

The O
hydrolysate O
was O
diluted O
by O
the O
addition O
of O
112 O
ml O
of O
H O
2 O
O O
and O
then O
autoclaved O
for O
1 O
h O
. O

Laitinen O
et O
al O
. O
, O
under O
preparation O
) O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
was O
assessed O
by O
selecting O
the O
closest O
orthologs O
of O
E B-Species
. I-Species

After O
4 O
- O
5 O
weeks O
, O
all O
in O
fl O
orescence O
stems O
of O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
were O
harvested O
. O

1 O
D O
, O
iii O
and O
v O
for O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
and O
Fig O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Cyclic B-CommonName
nucleotide I-CommonName
gated I-CommonName
channels I-CommonName
7 I-CommonName
and I-CommonName
8 I-CommonName
are O
essential O
for O
male O
reproductive O
fertility O
. O

S2 O
Multiple O
sequence O
alignment O
of O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
with O
other O
laccase B-CommonName
proteins O
known O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
lignification B-Process
Amino O
acid O
sequences O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
( O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
) O
, O
Brachypodium B-Species
( O
BdLAC5 B-CommonName
) O
, O
sugarcane B-Species
( O
SofLAC B-CommonName
) O
, O
poplar B-Species
( O
PtLAC3 B-CommonName
) O
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
AtLAC4 B-CommonName
and O
AtLAC17 B-CommonName
) O
laccases B-CommonName
were O
analyzed O
with O
Mega O
5 O
and O
then O
aligned O
with O
ClustalW O
software O
. O

Ohme O
- O
Takagi O
, O
The O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
NST1 B-CommonName
and O
NST2 B-CommonName
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
regulate O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickenings B-Process
and O
are O
required O
for O
anther B-Location
dehiscence B-Process
. O

After O
an O
additional O
10 O
d O
, O
the O
wilting B-Process
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
was O
more O
severe O
than O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
reported O
a O
new O
rice B-Species
variety O
, O
cef1 B-CommonName
, O
showed O
the O
culm B-CommonName
easily I-CommonName
fragile I-CommonName
( O
CEF B-CommonName
) O
without O
other O
concomitant O
phenotypes O
. O

Blind O
pits B-Location
were O
exclusively O
pre O
- O
sent O
on O
the O
wood B-Compound
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
side O
of O
common O
walls O
between O
wood B-Compound
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
with O
SCW B-Compound
and O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
in O
both O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
quadruple O
mutants O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
Mechanical O
reinforcement O
of O
tracheids O
compro O
- O
mises O
the O
hydraulic O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
conifer B-Species
xylem B-Location
. O

Together O
these O
studies O
further O
emphasize O
a O
possible O
role O
for O
protein O
( O
s O
) O
other O
than O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
in O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Fast O
model O
- O
based O
esti O
- O
mation O
of O
ancestry O
in O
unrelated O
individuals O
. O

A O
slightly O
fewer O
number O
of O
bHLH B-CommonName
genes O
were O
found O
in O
stems B-Location
but O
their O
expression O
patterns O
were O
more O
distinct O
. O

2004 O
) O
, O
and O
it O
has O
been O
sug O
- O
gested O
that O
trehalose B-Compound
could O
act O
as O
a O
regulator O
of O
the O
pentose B-Compound
phosphate I-Compound
pathway O
( O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

Negative O
control O
sections O
probed O
solely O
with O
secondary O
antibodies O
showed O
absence O
of O
labelling O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
h O
) O
Hypocotyl B-Location
length O
for O
seedlings O
as O
those O
shown O
in O
( O
g O
) O
. O

Overexpression O
and O
dominant O
- O
negative O
suppression O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
transgenic O
seedlings O
showed O
opposite O
phenotypes O
in O
root B-Location
elongation B-Process
( O
Figures O
2C O
and O
2D O
) O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
report O
on O
a O
family O
of O
GDSL B-CommonName
esterases B-CommonName
that O
control O
O B-Process
- I-Process
acetylation I-Process
of O
the O
prominent O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymer O
xylan B-Compound
. O

WOX14 B-CommonName
activated O
LBD4 B-CommonName
reporter O
expression O
in O
wild O
tobacco B-Species
protoplasts O
when O
coexpressed O
with O
TMO6 B-CommonName
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
5A O
) O
. O

The O
sonicated O
chromatin O
was O
immuno O
- O
precipitated O
with O
GFP O
antibody O
( O
Abmart O
) O
( O
ChIP O
th O
) O
, O
and O
chromatin O
immunoprecipitated O
with O
anti O
- O
hemagglutinin O
( O
HA O
) O
antibody O
was O
used O
as O
a O
negative O
control O
( O
ChIP O
) O
. O

Schematic O
flowsheet O
summarizing O
the O
experimental O
design O
and O
the O
methodologies O
applied O
in O
this O
study O
. O

AtCaN B-CommonName
and O
CsCaN B-Species
displayed O
homology O
to O
EuCaN2 B-CommonName
with O
se O
- O
quence O
identity O
of O
67 O
% O
and O
72 O
% O
, O
respectively O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
the O
ultimate O
cellular O
processes O
governing O
the O
adaptation B-Process
of O
the O
shoot B-Location
system O
to O
reproduction B-Process
remain O
un O
- O
known O
. O

The O
upregulation O
of O
these O
genes O
in O
the O
knat3 B-CommonName
knat7 B-CommonName
mutant O
could O
represent O
a O
negative O
feedback O
mechanism O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

thaliana I-Species
and O
spruce B-Species
genomes O
( O
Supplementary O
Figures O
S1E O
, O
S2 O
) O
. O

Tissue O
samples O
were O
rinsed O
with O
70 O
% O
ethanol O
to O
remove O
chlorophyll O
for O
better O
visualization O
. O

Sherry O
Chan O
for O
taking O
care O
of O
plants O
. O

Promoter O
function O
was O
evaluated O
by O
direct O
measurement O
of O
mRNA O
abundance O
and O
their O
ability O
to O
rescue O
the O
mum2 B-CommonName
mucilage B-Compound
extrusion B-Process
pheno O
- O
type O
. O

LpCCR3 B-CommonName
might O
also O
not O
be O
lignin B-Compound
- O
associated O
, O
as O
it O
belongs O
to O
clade O
3 O
, O
for O
which O
no O
functional O
evidence O
is O
available O
. O

Breeders O
and O
cotton B-Species
manufacturers O
select O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
with O
a O
micronaire O
between O
3 O
. O
8 O
and O
4 O
. O
5 O
, O
as O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
that O
do O
not O
fall O
in O
this O
range O
cause O
problems O
for O
spinning O
and O
dyeing O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
is O
possibly O
involved O
in O
transporting O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
galactose I-Compound
. O

Stem B-Location
sec O
- O
tions O
were O
macerated O
and O
representative O
images O
of O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
and O
fi B-Compound
bres I-Compound
were O
captured O
. O

An O
elite O
variety O
of O
Populus B-Species
deltoides I-Species
' O
Nanyang O
' O
. O

bescii I-Species
DpyrFA O
Wild O
type O
C B-Species
. I-Species

SN O
and O
HT O
con O
- O
ducted O
experiments O
and O
analyzed O
data O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
gametophores B-Location
appears O
to O
involve O
mul O
- O
tiple O
PpCESAs B-CommonName
, O
with O
expression O
of O
isoforms O
changing O
through O
- O
out O
development B-Process
. O

Relatively O
few O
studies O
have O
investigated O
genome O
- O
wide O
patterns O
of O
AS O
in O
plant O
species O
[ O
9 O
] O
, O
but O
recent O
results O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
[ O
10 O
] O
and O
rice B-Species
[ O
11 O
] O
have O
revealed O
high O
levels O
of O
AS O
that O
can O
vary O
in O
different O
organs O
and O
under O
different O
stress O
conditions O
. O

However O
, O
SCWs B-Compound
in O
other O
plants O
can O
vary O
from O
this O
. O

Although O
various O
factors O
involved O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
, O
leaves B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
have O
been O
found O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
those O
in O
grasses O
remain O
to O
be O
identi O
- O
fi O
ed O
. O

Samples O
were O
held O
at O
20 O
deg O
C O
for O
30 O
min O
. O

In O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
tissue I-Location
, O
both O
LTF1 B-CommonName
mutants O
( O
LE3 O
and O
LE56 O
) O
showed O
higher O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
and O
a O
wider O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
xylem B-Location
region O
than O
the O
control O
and O
the O
lines O
without O
mutations O
in O
LTF1 B-CommonName
( O
LE23 O
and O
LE32 O
) O
( O
Figure O
1B O
) O
. O

Stress O
- O
induced O
flowering B-Process
: O
the O
third O
category O
of O
flowering B-Process
response O
. O

These O
results O
imply O
that O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
can O
prevent O
water O
loss O
by O
closing O
their O
stomata O
and O
therefore O
have O
a O
normal O
physiological O
response O
to O
drought O
stress O
. O

Quantification O
of O
band O
intensity O
was O
performed O
with O
ImageJ O
. O

Since O
FBPs B-CommonName
are O
part O
of O
the O
SCF O
complex O
, O
it O
was O
im O
- O
perative O
to O
know O
whether O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
can O
interact O
with O
the O
other O
components O
of O
the O
SCF O
complex O
. O

Nearly O
all O
plant O
cells O
have O
a O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
PCW B-Compound
) O
that O
is O
thin O
and O
extensible O
to O
allow O
for O
expansion B-Process
. O

Dominant O
repression O
of O
knat7 B-CommonName
caused O
a O
severe O
reduction O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
both O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
and O
xylary B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
in O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
, O
and O
the O
severity O
of O
reduction O
correlated O
with O
the O
amount O
of O
the O
repression O
. O

Although O
APs B-CommonName
have O
been O
found O
in O
plants O
, O
knowledge O
of O
their O
functions O
is O
still O
lacking O
. O

thaliana I-Species
VND6 B-CommonName
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
, O
four O
genes O
( O
VNS09 B-CommonName
- O
VNS12 B-CommonName
) O
are O
classi O
fi O
ed O
into O
the O
NST B-CommonName
/ O
SND B-CommonName
subfamily O
that O
contains O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Non O
- O
cellulosic O
monosaccharide O
distribution O
was O
determined O
by O
GC O
- O
MS O
separation O
of O
alditol O
acetates O
. O

recipients O
under O
nonpermissive O
long O
- O
day O
conditions O
. O

Mechanical O
stress O
was O
imposed O
to O
induce O
wounding B-Process
and O
subsequent O
ectopic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
by O
excision O
of O
leaf O
disks O
from O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
mc9 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
leaves B-Location
and O
infiltration O
with O
buffer O
alone O
or O
with O
peptide O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Detail O
of O
two O
adjacent O
developing B-Location
G I-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
at O
early O
development B-Process
. O

Cinnamic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
inhibited O
the O
TAL B-CommonName
activity O
of O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
, O
and O
the O
PAL B-CommonName
activity O
of O
both O
bifunctional O
and O
monofunctional O
PALs B-CommonName
( O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
and O
BdPAL2 B-CommonName
) O
; O
however O
, O
4CA B-Compound
inhibited O
both O
PAL B-CommonName
and O
TAL B-CommonName
activities O
of O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
but O
had O
no O
impact O
on O
PAL B-CommonName
activity O
of O
monofunctional O
BdPALs B-CommonName
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Although O
tempting O
to O
speculate O
, O
the O
data O
Table O
1 O
. O

Three O
dimensional O
view O
of O
CSE B-CommonName
( O
Tyr31 O
to O
Asp206 O
) O
with O
caffeoyl B-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
in O
its O
binding O
pocket O
. O

The O
transcriptional O
impact O
of O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
on O
the O
molecular O
underpinnings O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
was O
assessed O
by O
both O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
and O
mRNA O
sequencing O
. O

Chromosomal O
location O
and O
gene O
duplications O
We O
mapped O
67 O
PtAPs B-CommonName
on O
chromosomes O
by O
the O
PopGenIE O
v3 O
database O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
popgenie O
. O
org O
/ O
) O
. O

PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
can O
form O
a O
heterotrimer O
with O
PtrRAD1 B-CommonName
and O
PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
. O

All O
major O
hormones O
play O
important O
regulatory O
roles O
in O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
SCW B-Compound
. O

The O
seeds O
were O
similarly O
prepared O
and O
planted O
. O

( O
G O
- O
H O
) O
Wall B-Compound
thickness O
of O
the O
fi O
rst O
( O
G O
) O
and O
second O
( O
H O
) O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
outside O
of O
the O
bundle B-Location
sheath I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Mutant O
analysis O
has O
revealed O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX10 B-CommonName
and O
IRX10 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
play O
an O
essential O
role O
in O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Agrobacterium O
tumefaciens O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
of O
maize B-Species
embryos B-Location
using O
a O
standard O
binary O
vector O
system O
. O

Keywords O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
Cell O
expansion B-Process
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
mRNA O
splicing O
Radial O
swelling B-Process
RNA O
helicase B-CommonName
Introduction O
Radial O
swelling B-Process
mutants O
can O
identify O
genes O
that O
are O
required O
to O
produce O
primary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
with O
the O
properties O
needed O
to O
sustain O
normal O
, O
highly O
anisotropic O
cell O
expan B-Process
- I-Process
sion I-Process
. O

The O
protein O
had O
a O
bright O
blue O
color O
. O

Normalized O
abundances O
are O
represented O
by O
a O
color O
gradient O
from O
blue O
( O
negative O
values O
) O
to O
red O
( O
positive O
values O
) O
. O

In O
Populus B-Species
, O
31 O
, O
984 O
highly O
expressed O
transcripts O
were O
assembled O
. O

The O
age O
of O
the O
plants O
in O
the O
cited O
study O
( O
~ O
8 O
. O
5 O
weeks O
) O
and O
the O
tissue O
sampled O
( O
lower O
50 O
mm O
of O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stem I-Location
) O
was O
similar O
to O
our O
experiment O
. O

Methods O
S2 O
Measurements O
and O
refinement O
of O
data O
The O
cores O
were O
prepared O
for O
and O
analysed O
at O
Innventia O
, O
now O
part O
of O
RISE O
Bioeconomy O
, O
with O
its O
SilviScan O
instrument O
( O
Evans O
1994 O
, O
2005 O
) O
. O

Three O
CLE44ox O
lines O
exhibiting O
from O
65 O
to O
85 O
- O
fold O
increases O
in O
CLE44 B-CommonName
transcript O
levels O
compared O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
level O
were O
identified O
and O
analyzed O
( O
Figure O
7C O
) O
. O

Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
lignins B-Compound
in O
two O
different O
atprx52 B-CommonName
knock O
- O
out O
mutants O
revealed O
a O
decrease O
of O
lignin B-Compound
amount O
compared O
with O
wild O
type O
. O

Since O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
is O
induced O
under O
stress O
and O
is O
also O
expressed O
during O
panicle B-Location
devel B-Process
- I-Process
opment I-Process
in O
a O
stage O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
manner O
, O
it O
could O
be O
coregulated O
by O
both O
developmental O
and O
environmental O
cues O
. O

A O
Gateway O
cloning O
vector O
set O
for O
high O
- O
throughput O
functional O
analysis O
of O
genes O
in O
planta O
. O

Systems O
biology O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
: O
heteromeric O
4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
coumaric I-CommonName
acid I-CommonName
: I-CommonName
Coenzyme I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
ligase I-CommonName
protein O
complex O
formation B-Process
, O
regulation O
, O
and O
numerical O
modeling B-Process
. O

The O
funders O
had O
no O
role O
in O
study O
design O
, O
data O
collection O
and O
analysis O
. O

At O
least O
twenty O
- O
five O
independent O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
obtained O
. O

The O
arrangement O
of O
MFs O
thus O
depends O
on O
the O
paths O
cho O
- O
sen O
by O
the O
synthases B-CommonName
during O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

2a O
) O
showed O
that O
the O
FBP7 B-CommonName
promoter O
could O
direct O
the O
expression O
of O
iaaM B-CommonName
specifically O
in O
the O
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
, O
which O
was O
in O
agreement O
with O
the O
results O
of O
GUS O
staining O
for O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
GUS O
cotton B-Species
( O
Fig O
. O

Very O
faint O
staining O
was O
observed O
in O
perivascular B-Location
par I-Location
- I-Location
enchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Journal O
of O
Experimental O
Botany O
60 O
( O
9 O
) O
: O
2621 O
- O
2630 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
jxb O
/ O
erp108 O
. O

Inset O
: O
enlarged O
image O
of O
the O
cells O
in O
the O
area O
bound O
by O
the O
square O
. O

The O
GT106 B-CommonName
family O
also O
include O
members O
that O
contain O
putative O
Mannan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
- O
related O
transferase B-CommonName
genes O
in O
subgroup O
B O
[ O
31 O
] O
and O
Pectin B-CommonName
Arabinogalactan I-CommonName
Synthesis I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Related I-CommonName
( O
PAGR B-CommonName
) O
genes O
in O
subgroup O
C O
[ O
32 O
] O
( O
Additional O
file O
4 O
: O
Figure O
S12 O
, O
B O
and O
C O
) O
. O

C3 O
, O
C11 O
and O
C18 O
are O
the O
overexpression O
( O
35S O
: O
: O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
) O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Means O
with O
different O
letters O
represent O
statistically O
significant O
differences O
( O
Tukey O
" O
s O
pairwise O
comparison O
, O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
among O
25 O
plants O
for O
each O
line O
, O
error O
bars O
= O
standard O
deviation O
. O

APX B-CommonName
activity O
was O
expressed O
as O
nmoles O
of O
MDAA O
formed O
min O
- O
1 O
g O
- O
1 O
of O
FW O
. O

White O
arrows O
indicate O
the O
graft O
junctions O
. O

Error O
bars O
indicate O
bootstrap O
standard O
deviation O
Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
( O
2009 O
) O
28 O
: O
811 O
- O
830 O
821 O
123 O
2004 O
) O
. O

Confidence O
at O
each O
branch O
was O
estimated O
using O
bootstrap O
analyses O
of O
1000 O
replications O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
these O
peculiarities O
, O
the O
realization O
of O
the O
xylogenic B-Compound
capacity O
in O
zinnia B-Species
culture O
is O
strongly O
dependent O
on O
the O
experimental O
conditions O
. O

2007 O
) O
was O
able O
to O
produce O
high O
molecular O
weight O
DHPs B-Compound
from O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Occasionally O
the O
images O
had O
to O
be O
drift O
corrected O
, O
which O
was O
done O
with O
the O
registration O
tools O
inbuilt O
to O
Fiji O
. O

A O
circle O
( O
2 O
. O
5 O
m O
m O
in O
diameter O
) O
3 O
m O
m O
away O
from O
tip O
was O
chosen O
for O
measurement O
of O
apical O
cytosol O
intensity O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1101 O
/ O
pdb O
. O
prot4590 O
Yeh O
et O
al O
. O

Lignified O
area O
was O
measured O
as O
the O
area O
of O
green O
color O
divided O
by O
the O
area O
of O
all O
color O
using O
ImageJ O
software O
. O

Probe O
was O
incubated O
in O
the O
absence O
or O
presence O
of O
GST O
or O
GST O
: O
SND1 B-CommonName
protein O
extracts O
. O

This O
is O
in O
agreement O
with O
the O
observed O
effect O
of O
the O
overexpression O
of O
other O
Dof B-CommonName
factors O
( O
Corrales O
et O
al O
. O

The O
actin O
gene O
( O
GenBank O
accession O
number O
: O
FJ410442 O
) O
, O
which O
is O
stably O
expressed O
in O
different O
tissues O
/ O
organs O
, O
was O
chosen O
as O
an O
internal O
reference O
for O
normalization O
. O

Statistical O
signi O
fi O
cance O
( O
* O
P O
# O
0 O
. O
05 O
and O
* O
* O
P O
# O
0 O
. O
005 O
) O
was O
calculated O
by O
ANOVA O
t O
test O
where O
wild O
type O
was O
the O
control O
for O
the O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
KD O
lines O
and O
VC O
as O
control O
for O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
OE O
plants O
. O

For O
detection O
of O
caffeoyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
, O
the O
samples O
were O
diluted O
with O
water O
to O
a O
final O
volume O
of O
200 O
u O
L O
to O
lower O
the O
ion O
suppression O
of O
Tris O
. O

Skyline O
: O
an O
open O
source O
document O
editor O
for O
creating O
and O
analyzing O
targeted O
proteomics O
experiments O
. O

These O
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
assembled O
in O
Golgi O
bodies O
and O
are O
then O
exported O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
Paredez O
et O
al O
. O

b O
Transverse O
sections O
during O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

( O
1997 O
) O
A O
novel O
zinc B-CommonName
fi I-CommonName
nger I-CommonName
protein O
is O
encoded O
by O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
LSD1 B-CommonName
gene O
and O
functions O
as O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
plant O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Chemical O
composition O
of O
earlywood B-Compound
and O
latewood B-Compound
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
heartwood B-Compound
, O
sapwood B-Compound
and O
transition B-Compound
zone I-Compound
wood I-Compound
. O

Similarly O
, O
major O
miRNAs O
in O
L B-Species
. I-Species

In O
addition O
, O
several O
reports O
have O
illustrated O
that O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
is O
associated O
with O
flower B-Location
development B-Process
and O
the O
two O
different O
biological O
Fig O
. O

The O
remaining O
pellets O
were O
then O
extracted O
twice O
with O
4 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
KOH O
containing O
0 O
. O
02 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
KBH O
4 O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
a O
total O
time O
of O
24 O
hr O
and O
the O
superna O
- O
tants O
were O
combined O
for O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
1 O
determination O
. O

with O
significant O
effects O
on O
quantitatively O
inherited O
traits O
of O
relevance O
to O
forest O
productivity O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

( O
D O
) O
Pearson O
' O
s O
product O
- O
moment O
correlation O
among O
parameter O
values O
in O
successful O
sets O
. O

d O
Total O
lignin B-Compound
( O
upper O
panel O
) O
, O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
( O
middle O
panel O
) O
, O
and O
relative O
monolignol B-Compound
composition O
( O
lower O
panel O
) O
determined O
by O
thioacidolysis O
in O
c3h B-CommonName
mutants O
and O
apx3 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
- O
type O
controls O
. O

( O
F O
) O
Image O
of O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
from O
the O
RNAi O
( O
ds O
) O
lines O
, O
T2 O
. O

Olson O
PD O
, O
Varner O
JE O
( O
1993 O
) O
Hydrogen O
peroxide O
and O
lignfication B-Process
. O

2a O
) O
; O
similar O
patterns O
were O
observed O
in O
cwa1 B-CommonName
internodes B-Location
at O
this O
stage O
. O

We O
then O
examined O
the O
abundance O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
protein O
in O
the O
transgenics O
. O

Anatomical O
examination O
and O
statistical O
analysis O
were O
con O
- O
ducted O
to O
assess O
the O
effects O
of O
silence O
of O
NbCaN B-CommonName
and O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
on O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Genes O
encoding O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
components O
were O
expected O
to O
be O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
UDP B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
GlcA I-CommonName
decarboxylase I-CommonName
( O
UXS B-CommonName
) O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Growth B-Process
curves O
of O
apical O
height O
( O
cm O
) O
growth B-Process
. O

To O
examine O
the O
effect O
of O
the O
mutation O
upon O
gene O
expression O
in O
roots B-Location
, O
mRNA O
prepared O
from O
roots B-Location
of O
rsw12 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
plants O
grown O
concurrently O
on O
three O
separate O
occasions O
was O
used O
for O
individual O
microarray O
analyses O
with O
Affymetrix O
ATH1 O
chips O
. O

C O
, O
Real O
- O
time O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
in O
different O
hormone O
stresses O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
plants O
using O
Trizol O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

thaliana I-Species
genome O
, O
and O
transferred O
to O
the O
region O
upstream O
of O
a O
reporter O
gene O
encoding O
- O
glucuronidase O
( O
GUS O
) O
in O
the O
pHGWFS7 O
vector O
( O
11 O
) O
via O
LR O
recombinant O
reaction O
. O

These O
observations O
are O
consistent O
with O
previous O
reports O
[ O
48 O
] O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
sugar O
composition O
analysis O
Mature B-Location
in I-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
from O
pools O
of O
at O
least O
30 O
Arabidop O
- O
sis O
plants O
for O
each O
mutant O
line O
were O
ground O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
isolated O
for O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
residues O
[ O
28 O
] O
. O

When O
the O
proportion O
of O
the O
additive O
genetic O
variance O
explained O
by O
the O
marker O
loci O
exceeds O
the O
heri O
- O
tability O
of O
the O
character O
, O
selection O
on O
the O
markers O
alone O
is O
more O
efficient O
than O
selection O
on O
the O
individual O
phe O
- O
notype O
( O
SMITH O
1967 O
) O
. O

A O
similar O
strain O
was O
developed O
using O
a O
mutated O
motif O
( O
TTTAAC O
) O
as O
a O
negative O
control O
. O

Figure O
7 O
summarizes O
these O
data O
, O
which O
indicate O
that O
for O
each O
of O
the O
known O
Arabidopsis B-Species
transcriptional O
regulators O
, O
poplar B-Species
orthologs O
with O
the O
similar O
functions O
have O
been O
identified O
. O

Plant O
Science O
293 O
( O
2020 O
) O
110414 O
9 O
of O
PIN B-CommonName
auxin B-Compound
transporters O
; O
functional O
clathrin O
- O
mediated O
tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
and O
an O
intact O
actin O
cytoskeleton O
. O

Homologous O
recombination O
was O
used O
to O
restore O
the O
Gateway O
cassette O
alone O
, O
as O
follows O
. O

Overexpression O
of O
MusaMYB31 B-CommonName
, O
a O
R2R3 B-CommonName
type I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
gene O
indicate O
its O
role O
as O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
lignin B-Compound
bio B-Process
- I-Process
synthesis I-Process
in O
banana B-Species
. O

2007 O
) O
, O
though O
the O
xylan B-Compound
reducing O
end O
has O
not O
been O
detected O
in O
monocots O
. O

The O
adpg1 B-CommonName
mutant O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
was O
obtained O
from O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
Biological O
Resource O
Center O
( O
ABRC O
) O
. O

Korku O
c O
P O
, O
Schippers O
JH O
, O
Walther O
D O
. O

Hydroxycinnamaldehyde B-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
( O
HCALDH B-CommonName
) O
activity O
was O
carried O
out O
as O
described O
by O
Nair O
et O
al O
. O

Only O
a O
slight O
amount O
of O
immunostaining O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
primary B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Briefly O
, O
a O
total O
of O
2 O
mg O
AIR O
was O
hydrolyzed O
by O
250 O
mu O
l O
of O
2 O
M O
trifluoroacetic O
acid O
( O
TFA O
, O
) O
at O
121 O
deg O
C O
for O
90 O
min O
. O

dosa00053 O
Ascorbate O
and O
aldarate O
metabolism B-Process
( O
2 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os02t0730000 O
- O
01 O
Os02g0730000 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Mitochondrial O
aldehyde B-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

Cross O
sections O
of O
stem B-Location
xylem B-Location
from O
( O
a O
) O
adequate O
N O
and O
( O
b O
) O
high O
N O
plants O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
the O
inflorescence O
stems O
of O
6 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
wild O
type O
and O
35S O
: O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
. O

We O
divided O
all O
the O
Gr O
annexin B-CommonName
mem O
- O
bers O
into O
three O
groups O
dependent O
on O
their O
expression O
model O
in O
fibers B-Location
. O

Tuskan O
1 O
, O
2 O
and O
Jin O
- O
Gui O
Chen O
1 O
, O
2 O
* O
Abstract O
Background O
: O
Plant O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
is O
a O
renewable O
feedstock O
for O
biofuels O
and O
biomaterials O
production O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
104 O
, O
15566 O
- O
15571 O
. O

Niemi O
K O
, O
Vuorinen O
T O
, O
Ernstsen O
A O
, O
H O
EUR O
aggman O
H O
. O

It O
is O
probably O
because O
of O
this O
regulatory O
role O
of O
AtPAO5 B-CommonName
on O
appropriate O
xylem B-Location
differen B-Process
- I-Process
tiation I-Process
that O
it O
has O
activity O
as O
a O
dehydrogenase B-CommonName
rather O
than O
as O
an O
oxidase B-CommonName
, O
thus O
avoiding O
excessive O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
production O
, O
which O
can O
damage O
cellular O
components O
. O

GUS O
expression O
was O
detected O
in O
the O
stamens B-Location
and O
stigmas B-Location
of O
these O
lines O
. O

2007a O
, O
2010 O
) O
, O
it O
also O
negatively O
affects O
the O
deposition B-Process
of O
the O
regular O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Top O
20 O
pathways O
are O
shown O
in O
the O
graph O
B O
and O
D O
, O
and O
dot O
size O
in O
the O
graph O
represents O
the O
gene O
numbers O
in O
each O
pathway O
. O

Nuclease O
hypersensitive O
sites O
in O
chromatin O
. O

Comparison O
of O
measured O
versus O
predicted O
quantitative O
traits O
in O
C4H B-CommonName
: O
: O
F5H B-CommonName
modi O
fi O
ed O
poplar B-Species
. O

A O
novel O
phosphatidylcholine B-Compound
- O
hydrolyzing O
phospholipase B-CommonName
C I-CommonName
induced O
by O
phosphate O
starvation O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

lutari O
- O
oriparius O
, O
identi O
fi O
ed O
its O
molecular O
characterization O
, O
and O
studied O
its O
potential O
impacts O
on O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
time O
control O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
trees O
and O
selected O
221 O
independent O
lines O
showing O
varying O
degrees O
of O
gene O
downregulation O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
1 O
, O
Supplementary O
Data O
1 O
, O
Supplementary O
Note O
) O
. O

The O
culture O
and O
preparation O
of O
Agrobacterium O
for O
in O
fi O
ltration O
were O
performed O
according O
to O
Liu O
et O
al O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
139 O
( O
2019 O
) O
672 O
- O
680 O
675 O
than O
that O
of O
the O
sense O
Pto4CL1 B-CommonName
group O
. O

Encoding O
memory O
of O
winter O
by O
noncoding O
RNAs O
. O

Faint O
expression O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
cortex B-Location
and O
pith B-Location
upon O
prolonged O
staining O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

GPP O
stem B-Location
was O
positively O
correlated O
with O
module O
M7 O
and O
negatively O
with O
M12 O
. O

The O
reduced O
capacity O
to O
produce O
an O
interfascicular B-Location
cambium I-Location
in O
the O
pxc1 B-CommonName
mutants O
may O
explain O
the O
reduction O
in O
PXY B-CommonName
/ O
TDR B-CommonName
and O
WOX4 B-CommonName
transcript O
levels O
, O
or O
vice O
versa O
, O
the O
re O
- O
duced O
expression O
of O
PXY B-CommonName
/ O
TDR B-CommonName
and O
WOX4 B-CommonName
may O
be O
the O
underlying O
cause O
of O
the O
lack O
of O
interfascicular B-Location
cambium I-Location
. O

These O
groups O
can O
easily O
crosslink O
to O
Ca O
2 O
? O
and O
make O
bridges O
between O
pectin B-Compound
chains O
, O
thus O
restricting O
cell O
expansion B-Process
( O
Fry O
2004 O
) O
. O

The O
clamps O
were O
then O
allowed O
to O
gradually O
pull O
each O
end O
of O
the O
leaf B-Location
blade I-Location
at O
the O
speed O
of O
0 O
. O
5 O
mm O
/ O
s O
, O
with O
a O
stepwise O
increase O
in O
the O
load O
( O
10 O
g O
/ O
mm O
2 O
increments O
) O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Ma O
et O
al O
. O

thanks O
the O
Council O
for O
Scienti O
fi O
c O
and O
Indus O
- O
trial O
Research O
, O
New O
Delhi O
, O
for O
the O
award O
of O
a O
Research O
Fellowship O
. O

70879 O
- O
Cmresponding O
author O
: O
Dario O
Grattapaglia O
, O
Laboratbrio O
de O
Genetica O
970 O
, O
Brazil O
. O

Indole B-Compound
acetic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
auxin B-Compound
) O
is O
a O
key O
regulator O
of O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
( O
Nilsson O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2008 O
) O
. O

This O
is O
con O
fi O
rmed O
by O
the O
important O
shift O
of O
the O
fi B-Location
ne I-Location
root I-Location
samples O
on O
the O
fi O
rst O
axis O
of O
the O
PCA O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
AP2 B-CommonName
/ O
EREBP B-CommonName
family O
en O
- O
codes O
transcription O
factors O
that O
play O
a O
role O
in O
a O
variety O
of O
plant O
regulatory O
processes O
[ O
40 O
] O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
was O
the O
only O
peroxidase B-CommonName
gene O
that O
did O
not O
express O
in O
the O
developing B-Location
leaves I-Location
while O
it O
was O
expressed O
in O
the O
mature B-Location
leaves I-Location
. O

Jarvis O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2004 O
The O
irregular O
xylem B-Location
2 O
mutant O
is O
an O
allele O
of O
korrigan O
that O
affects O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
The O
Populus B-Species
homeobox O
gene O
ARBORKNOX2 B-CommonName
regulates O
cell O
differentiation B-Process
during O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
Lignocellulosic O
biomass O
: O
a O
sustainable O
platform O
for O
the O
production O
of O
bio O
- O
based O
chemicals O
and O
polymers O
. O

A O
higher O
rate O
of O
cell B-Process
division I-Process
, O
decreased O
tracheid B-Location
average O
size O
and O
numbers O
, O
and O
increased O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
were O
observed O
. O

Metabolic O
Extract O
Feeding O
Assay O
Stem B-Location
material O
of O
the O
cse B-CommonName
- O
1 O
mutant O
was O
obtained O
as O
for O
phenolic O
profiling O
. O

1b O
) O
were O
carefully O
separated O
from O
1188 O
Planta O
( O
2006 O
) O
224 O
: O
1185 O
- O
1196 O
123 O
seed B-Location
pods I-Location
in O
Petri O
dishes O
containing O
distilled O
water O
that O
were O
placed O
on O
ice O
. O

The O
genes O
that O
were O
differ O
- O
entially O
expressed O
( O
adjusted O
P O
, O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
during O
the O
appearance O
of O
dead O
earlywood B-Compound
cells O
( O
time O
point O
marked O
with O
the O
red O
arrow O
) O
are O
written O
in O
boldface O
. O

Rappaport O
, O
Effect O
of O
gibberellin B-Compound
on O
growth B-Process
, O
flowering B-Process
and O
fruiting O
of O
the O
earlypak O
tomato B-Species
, O
Lycopersicum B-Species
esculentum I-Species
. O

2 O
) O
and O
the O
average O
vessel B-Location
element I-Location
length O
was O
higher O
in O
high O
N O
plants O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

Given O
the O
changes O
observed O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
structure O
of O
DIMRNAi O
plants O
, O
we O
analyzed O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
in O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
and O
discovered O
that O
the O
mutants O
had O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
lower O
levels O
of O
lignin B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-Compound
compared O
to O
WT O
( O
Fig O
. O

Yellow O
arrow O
- O
heads O
indicate O
accumulation O
of O
GFP O
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
at O
the O
tip O
of O
filamentous O
structures O
. O

The O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
coding O
region O
or O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
coding O
region O
fused O
with O
SRDX O
sequence O
was O
inserted O
down O
- O
stream O
of O
the O
35S O
promoter O
in O
the O
modi O
fi O
ed O
pBI221 O
vector O
to O
produce O
the O
effector O
construct O
. O

The O
Adobe O
Illustrator O
CC O
software O
was O
used O
to O
depict O
the O
structures O
of O
genes O
and O
conserved O
domains O
of O
proteins O
. O

5 O
Graduate O
School O
of O
Biological O
Sciences O
, O
Nara O
Institute O
of O
Science O
and O
Technology O
, O
Nara O
, O
Japan O
. O

Among O
these O
genes O
, O
321 O
and O
998 O
common O
upregulated O
DEGs O
between O
the O
same O
CSILs O
at O
15 O
and O
20 O
DPA O
were O
indentified O
, O
respectively O
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
. O

S4 O
Southern O
blotting O
analysis O
of O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
in O
two O
transformed O
cotton O
plants O
. O

Conversely O
, O
AtPAO5 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
plants O
produce O
shorter O
and O
thinner O
stems B-Location
leading O
to O
a O
semi O
- O
dwarf O
phenotype O
with O
reduced O
apical O
dominance O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
His163 O
residue O
was O
observed O
in O
two O
alternative O
conformations O
represented O
in O
magenta O
and O
pink O
. O

Our O
study O
provides O
a O
novel O
MX O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
and O
strong O
promoter O
for O
such O
appli O
- O
cation O
. O

Three O
biological O
replicates O
were O
used O
per O
technical O
replicate O
. O

Primers O
used O
in O
this O
paper O
. O

benthamiana O
leaves O
infiltrated O
with O
the O
construct O
combinations O
in O
the O
left O
panels O
. O

2 O
Map O
- O
based O
cloning O
of O
the O
CEF1 B-CommonName
gene O
. O

This O
process O
was O
repeated O
for O
each O
sample O
involved O
, O
and O
the O
overall O
predictive O
accuracy O
expressed O
as O
the O
Spearman O
correlation O
between O
the O
complete O
sets O
of O
mea O
- O
sured O
and O
predicted O
values O
. O

A O
: O
Pattern O
of O
micro O
fi O
bril O
networks O
without O
DCB O
treatment O
. O

According O
to O
the O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectrum O
, O
the O
precursor O
ion O
was O
identified O
as O
[ O
Coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
- O
H O
] O
- O
. O

In O
situ O
hybridization O
analysis O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
young O
stems B-Location
revealed O
relatively O
high O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

160 O
relative O
to O
Col O
- O
0 O
are O
designated O
EAR O
, O
and O
DEGs O
both O
in O
WRKY15OE O
no O
. O

Analysis O
of O
GFP O
expression O
in O
the O
vasculature B-Location
of O
seedling O
hypocotyls O
for O
the O
VND6 B-CommonName
, O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
and O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
promoters O
corroborates O
our O
findings O
of O
GUS O
staining O
in O
the O
seedling O
vessels B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Relative O
expression O
of O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
in O
9 O
- O
DPA O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
; O
expression O
in O
WT O
was O
set O
to O
1 O
( O
means O
of O
triplicates O
+ O
- O
SD O
) O
. O

The O
intern O
- O
ode O
number O
of O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
was O
not O
changed O
( O
ns O
; O
P O
> O
0 O
. O
05 O
; O
Fig O
. O

We O
sequenced O
bacterial O
artificial O
chromosome O
( O
BAC O
) O
clones O
from O
the O
185 O
- O
kb O
regions O
of O
both O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
category O
C O
, O
22 O
PtAPs B-CommonName
lacked O
introns O
and O
17 O
PtAPs B-CommonName
lacked O
5 O
' O
UTRs O
( O
Fig O
. O

Given O
the O
close O
association O
between O
cortical O
microtubules O
and O
the O
CSCs O
, O
it O
may O
be O
ex O
- O
pected O
that O
salt O
stress O
impacts O
on O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
that O
lesions O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
- O
related O
components O
can O
alter O
salt B-Process
tolerance I-Process
. O

Van O
de O
Velde O
J O
, O
Van O
Bel O
M O
, O
Vaneechoutte O
D O
, O
Vandepoele O
K O
. O

Phloem B-Location
Cambium B-Location
Root B-Location
Hypocotyl B-Location
Junction O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

Stomata B-Location
number O
( O
f O
) O
was O
determined O
similar O
to O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
samples O
. O

Of O
these O
, O
the O
Glycosylphosphati B-Compound
- I-Compound
dylinositol I-Compound
( O
GPI B-Compound
) O
- O
anchored O
' O
skewed O
growth B-Process
' O
SKU B-CommonName
genes O
were O
expressed O
primarily O
during O
elongation B-Process
( O
Additional O
file O
4 O
: O
Figure O
S1A O
) O
. O

Results O
Phenotypic O
characterization O
of O
the O
brittle B-CommonName
sheath I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
mutant O
Compared O
with O
the O
WT O
, O
the O
phenotype O
of O
matured O
mutant O
plant O
showed O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
reduction O
in O
plant O
height O
( O
Fig O
. O

Dried O
samples O
were O
incubated O
in O
6 O
ml O
of O
10 O
mM O
Tris O
- O
maleate O
( O
Pettolino O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
bu O
ff O
er O
for O
30 O
min O
with O
constant O
shaking O
. O

b O
BP O
represents O
biological O
process O
; O
MF O
stands O
for O
molecular O
function O
; O
CC O
stands O
for O
cellular O
component O
. O

The O
RAM B-Location
zone O
displayed O
fewer O
dividing O
cells O
( O
Figure O
5e O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
the O
activity O
of O
RAM B-Location
was O
inhibited O
. O

CESAs B-CommonName
across O
kingdoms O
contain O
multiple O
trans O
- O
membrane O
domains O
and O
a O
cytoplasmic O
catalytic O
domain O
( O
McNamara O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

2007a O
, O
b O
) O
and O
how O
changes O
in O
fruit B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
affect O
the O
shelf O
life O
( O
Brummell O
and O
Harpster O
2001 O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Intensity O
plot O
of O
the O
CC1DC223 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
and O
mCh O
- O
TUA5 B-CommonName
from O
transect O
in O
( O
A O
) O
. O

tremuloides I-Species
were O
cultured O
under O
sterile O
conditions O
in O
0 O
. O
5 O
9 O
Murashige O
and O
Skoog O
medium O
( O
pH O
5 O
. O
8 O
) O
containing O
0 O
. O
8 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
agar O
at O
24 O
deg O
C O
under O
a O
photoperiod O
of O
16 O
h O
: O
8 O
h O
light O
/ O
dark O
. O

2009 O
; O
Escamilla O
- O
Trevi O
~ O
no O
et O
al O
. O

Mean O
relative O
expression O
levels O
( O
+ O
- O
SD O
) O
were O
calculated O
using O
EgrPP2A1 B-CommonName
and O
EgrPP2A3 B-CommonName
as O
references O
. O

qRT O
- O
PCR O
confirmation O
of O
microarray O
experiment O
. O

In O
this O
report O
, O
we O
pres O
- O
ent O
the O
CesA B-CommonName
gene O
family O
from O
wheat B-Species
. O

Primers O
for O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
were O
designed O
to O
amplify O
a O
100 O
bp O
region O
( O
or O
a O
400 O
bp O
region O
for O
REV B-CommonName
, O
PHB B-CommonName
, O
and O
PHV B-CommonName
transcripts O
due O
to O
sequence O
similarity O
) O
on O
the O
39 O
end O
of O
each O
transcript O
33 O
. O

E O
ff O
ect O
of O
harvest O
time O
and O
fi O
eld O
retting O
duration O
on O
the O
chemical O
composition O
, O
morphology O
and O
mechanical O
properties O
of O
hemp B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
. O

These O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutation O
causes O
an O
aberrant O
deposition B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
speci O
fi O
cally O
in O
node B-Location
sclerenchyma I-Location
tissues I-Location
, O
resulting O
in O
reduced O
thickness O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Generally O
, O
the O
transgenic O
trees O
with O
diminished O
expression O
of O
poplar B-Species
orthologs O
of O
AtPAD4 B-CommonName
, O
AtLSD1 B-CommonName
and O
AtEDS1 B-CommonName
showed O
reduced O
leaf B-Location
area O
and O
number O
. O

In O
a O
similar O
manner O
, O
our O
results O
point O
out O
that O
a O
double O
mutation O
sobir1 B-CommonName
/ O
evr B-CommonName
er O
( O
but O
not O
a O
single O
mutation O
sobir1 B-CommonName
/ O
evr B-CommonName
) O
also O
leads O
to O
precocious O
xylem B-Location
fiber I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Col O
- O
0 O
and O
that O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
physically O
interacts O
with O
ER O
. O

See O
also O
corresponding O
Video O
S2 O
and O
( O
B O
) O
. O

The O
reduced O
activity O
in O
cells O
that O
expressed O
either O
IIP4 B-CommonName
or O
IIP4 B-CommonName
- O
SRDX B-CommonName
containing O
a O
dominant O
repressive O
motif O
( O
Hiratsu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2003 O
) O
indicated O
that O
IIP4 B-CommonName
has O
suppressive O
activity O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
2C O
) O
. O

These O
approaches O
reduce O
the O
sequence O
space O
by O
decreasing O
the O
repetitive O
sequence O
content O
of O
the O
genome O
. O

K O
a O
rk O
o O
nen O
A O
. O

Xylem B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
retain O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
black O
arrowheads O
) O
. O

( O
b O
) O
FPKM O
for O
each O
sample O
replicate O
and O
standard O
error O
( O
SE O
) O
for O
genes O
shown O
in O
( O
a O
) O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
lignin B-Compound
is O
polymerised O
by O
class O
III O
secretable O
plant O
peroxidases B-CommonName
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
. O

( O
C O
) O
Detail O
of O
the O
two O
adjacent O
fibres B-Location
in O
the O
square O
in O
( O
A O
) O
showing O
differential O
LM5 O
labelling O
occurring O
in O
the O
interface O
between O
SCW B-Compound
and O
the O
G O
- O
layer O
( O
arrowhead O
) O
or O
in O
the O
G O
- O
layer O
itself O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Abiotic O
and O
biotic O
stresses O
and O
changes O
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
composition O
in O
plants O
. O

In O
the O
format O
provided O
by O
the O
authors O
and O
unedited O
. O

( O
D O
) O
to O
( O
F O
) O
Tilted O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
SCW B-Compound
- O
producing O
Golgi O
stacks O
. O

Protein O
was O
extracted O
from O
leaves B-Location
of O
the O
con O
fi O
rmed O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
WT O
line O
using O
the O
trichloroacetic O
acid O
/ O
acetone O
precipitation O
method O
( O
Carpentier O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
Monolignol B-Compound
ferulate B-Compound
conju O
- O
gates O
are O
naturally O
incorporated O
into O
plant O
lignins B-Compound
. O

Neither O
of O
the O
precursor O
proteins O
for O
Bia B-CommonName
or O
Kratos B-CommonName
had O
been O
found O
among O
MC9 B-CommonName
targets O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seedlings O
and O
their O
cleavage O
sites O
do O
not O
display O
the O
MC9 B-CommonName
- O
specific O
lysine B-Compound
or O
arginine B-Compound
amino O
acid O
at O
the O
P1 O
position O
. O

Shown O
are O
the O
average O
of O
estimated O
stem B-Location
volume O
+ O
- O
S O
. O
D O
. O

Deep O
sequencing O
of O
the O
Camellia B-Species
sinensis I-Species
transcriptome O
revealed O
candidate O
genes O
for O
major O
metabolic O
pathways O
of O
tea O
- O
specific O
compounds O
. O

Occurrence O
of O
indel O
( O
% O
) O
is O
indicated O
above O
each O
bar O
. O

Structural O
Characterization O
of O
Cork B-Location
Lignin B-Compound
by O
Thioacidolysis O
and O
Permanganate O
Oxidation O
. O

Molecular O
analysis O
of O
the O
mutant O
The O
mutation O
causing O
radial O
swelling B-Process
mapped O
to O
a O
114 O
kB O
region O
of O
chromosome O
1 O
containing O
29 O
loci O
. O

Generation O
of O
wrky15 B-CommonName
deletion O
mutant O
lines O
using O
CRISPR O
- O
Cas9 O
approach O
. O

2 O
. O
5 O
| O
Sequential O
extraction O
and O
analysis O
of O
xylan B-Compound
For O
xylan B-Compound
extraction O
, O
the O
AIR O
was O
firstly O
destarched O
as O
described O
by O
Whitehead O
and O
coworkers O
( O
2018 O
) O
. O

Engineering O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
requires O
a O
profound O
knowledge O
of O
the O
role O
of O
paralogues O
in O
the O
multigene O
families O
that O
constitute O
the O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
path O
- O
way O
. O

Association O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
CTR1 B-CommonName
Raf B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
with O
the O
ETR1 B-CommonName
and O
ERS B-CommonName
ethylene B-CommonName
receptors I-CommonName
. O

2010 O
) O
, O
resulting O
in O
a O
decrease O
in O
lignin B-Compound
content O
. O

Histochemical O
localization O
of O
GUS O
acti O
ity O
in O
petioles B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
of O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
In O
order O
to O
examine O
the O
tissue O
speci O
fi O
city O
caused O
by O
the O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
and O
PtX14A9 B-CommonName
5 O
and O
3 O
fl O
anking O
sequences O
, O
all O
seven O
constructs O
shown O
in O
Fig O
. O

Leaf B-Location
midrib I-Location
phenotypes O
of O
dry O
and O
juicy O
sorghum B-Species
varieties O
. O

This O
corroborates O
what O
we O
found O
in O
the O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
iaaM B-CommonName
transgenic O
cotton B-Species
plants O
. O

" O
See O
online O
for O
related O
content O
such O
as O
Commentaries O
. O

Red O
arrowheads O
indicate O
ectopic O
TE B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
reductions O
in O
LBD4 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
both O
the O
pxf B-CommonName
and O
wox4 B-CommonName
wox14 B-CommonName
linesprovednot O
to O
be O
signi O
fi O
cant O
( O
P5 O
0 O
. O
167 O
and O
P5 O
0 O
. O
102 O
; O
Figure O
3F O
; O
Supplemental O
Table O
3 O
) O
. O

LpCAD2 B-CommonName
, O
however O
, O
which O
has O
not O
been O
described O
previously O
, O
has O
a O
unique O
gene O
structure O
with O
a O
very O
large O
second O
intron O
( O
Fig O
. O

Down O
- O
regulation O
of O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
in O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
plants O
did O
not O
cause O
obvious O
phenotypic O
alterations O
( O
Figure O
3d O
) O
. O

Meanwhile O
, O
in O
the O
RPL28A B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
lines O
, O
the O
YFP O
signals O
could O
be O
detected O
in O
both O
the O
nuclei O
and O
cytoplasm O
( O
Figure O
3D O
) O
. O

After O
that O
, O
the O
samples O
were O
centrifuged O
at O
14000 O
g O
for O
536 O
10 O
min O
, O
and O
the O
supernatant O
was O
transferred O
to O
a O
sterile O
1 O
. O
5 O
mL O
Eppendorf O
tube O
for O
537 O
another O
centrifugation O
as O
above O
. O

Given O
this O
genetic O
background O
, O
overexpressing O
Physiol O
. O

Natural O
acetylation B-Process
impacts O
carbohydrate O
recovery O
during O
deconstruction O
of O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
wood B-Compound
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
Networks O
in O
Wood B-Compound
Formation B-Process
FIGURE O
4 O
| O
EIN3 B-CommonName
isoforms O
are O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
TFs O
involved O
in O
transcriptional O
regulation O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

As O
a O
result O
, O
the O
mutant O
has O
a O
substan O
- O
tial O
reduction O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
. O

Xylan B-Compound
, O
a O
type O
of O
hemicellulose B-Compound
, O
is O
another O
important O
component O
of O
primary O
and O
SCWs B-Compound
. O

ZmMYB3R B-CommonName
encodes O
a O
positive O
transcription O
factor O
that O
enhances O
tolerance O
to O
drought O
and O
salt O
stress O
via O
an O
ABA B-Compound
- O
dependent O
pathway O
( O
Wu O
et O
al O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
the O
spectrum O
region O
associated O
to O
1 O
, O
703 O
nm O
shows O
different O
pro O
fi O
les O
for O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
and O
fruitlet B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

As O
alterations O
in O
the O
deposition B-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccha O
- O
rides O
in O
fl O
uence O
the O
mechanical O
strength O
of O
plant O
bodies O
, O
we O
measured O
the O
levels O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharides O
in O
nodes B-Location
at O
various O
developmental O
stages O
. O

Deciphering O
the O
enigma O
of O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
: O
precursor O
transport O
, O
oxidation B-Process
, O
and O
the O
topochemistry O
of O
lignin B-Compound
assembly O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
natural O
variants O
showed O
that O
both O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
affect O
sac O
- O
charification O
efficiency O
[ O
34 O
, O
43 O
] O
. O

The O
ampliWed O
fragment O
was O
cloned O
into O
T O
- O
vector O
, O
pT7 O
- O
Blue O
( O
BC1pro O
/ O
pT7Blue O
) O
. O

This O
latter O
dataset O
allowed O
us O
to O
identify O
potential O
ethylene B-Compound
regulated O
target O
genes O
and O
to O
pinpoint O
the O
phases O
where O
ethylene B-Compound
- O
mediated O
transcriptional O
reprogramming O
occurs O
during O
normal O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
online O
microarray O
data O
indicate O
that O
BS1 B-CommonName
is O
ubiquitously O
expressed O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

RESULTS O
AND O
DISCUSSION O
Nitrogen O
availability O
affects O
xylem B-Location
structure O
and O
function O
in O
hybrid B-Species
poplar I-Species
We O
exposed O
clonally O
propagated O
hybrid B-Species
poplar I-Species
ramets O
( O
P B-Species
. I-Species

They O
were O
then O
transferred O
into O
the O
speci O
fi O
ed O
green O
house O
under O
LD O
or O
SD O
conditions O
. O

( O
c O
) O
Protein O
- O
protein O
interaction O
between O
MYB6 B-CommonName
and O
TT8 B-CommonName
detected O
by O
Bimolecular O
fl O
uorescence O
complementation O
( O
BiFC O
) O
assays O
. O

Functional O
network O
analysis O
of O
genes O
differentially O
expressed O
during O
xylogenesis O
in O
soc1ful O
woody O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
. O

B O
, O
Maximum O
projection O
image O
of O
optical O
sections O
through O
the O
same O
cell O
shown O
in O
A O
, O
in O
which O
C4H B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
localization O
is O
observed O
in O
the O
ER O
network O
that O
is O
excluded O
below O
developing O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
arrowheads O
) O
and O
is O
adjacent O
to O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
domains O
. O

Yeast O
Strains O
and O
Growth O
Conditions O
. O

Effects O
of O
DCB O
on O
germination B-Process
rate O
and O
root B-Location
tip I-Location
morphology O
of O
seedlings O
on O
half O
- O
strength O
MS O
medium O
containing O
different O
DCB O
concen O
- O
trations O
. O

These O
specialized O
cells O
form O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
inside O
of O
the O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
upon O
completion O
of O
cell O
expansion B-Process
. O

Positive O
protein O
- O
protein O
interaction O
switches O
on O
the O
reporter O
gene O
and O
allows O
yeast O
growth O
on O
selective O
media O
. O

Financial O
support O
for O
this O
work O
was O
obtained O
from O
the O
National O
Science O
and O
Technology O
Support O
Program O
Projects O
( O
2013BAD22B00 O
) O
, O
the O
National O
Basic O
Research O
Program O
of O
China O
( O
" O
973 O
" O
program O
, O
Grant O
no O
. O

However O
, O
a O
major O
drift O
in O
expression O
pat B-CommonName
- O
tern O
was O
observed O
after O
24 O
h O
of O
100 O
mM O
salt O
stress O
in O
18O O
and O
S26 O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
less O
change O
was O
observed O
in O
APX20 O
. O

No O
signal O
is O
visible O
in O
vessel B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
146 O
( O
2020 O
) O
303 O
- O
314 O
310 O
regulation O
program O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
is O
expected O
to O
be O
somewhat O
different O
in O
cotton B-Species
fibers B-Location
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
xylem B-Location
as O
their O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
is O
quite O
different O
. O

For O
example O
, O
G B-Location
- I-Location
fibre I-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
sweetgum B-Species
( O
L B-Species
. I-Species

Stem B-Location
samples O
were O
collected O
from O
the O
base O
of O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
of O
6 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
. O

( O
I O
and O
K O
) O
Aspect O
ratio O
and O
surface O
area O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
. O

We O
observed O
three O
distinct O
subclusters O
with O
member O
genes O
closely O
co O
- O
varying O
. O

Previous O
studies O
indicated O
that O
there O
is O
a O
certain O
cor O
- O
relation O
between O
gene O
expression O
and O
its O
function O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cDNA O
for O
GA B-CommonName
20 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
, O
At2301 O
( O
ref O
. O

Genome O
sequencing O
and O
population O
genomic O
analyses O
provide O
insights O
into O
the O
adaptive O
landscape O
of O
silver B-Species
birch I-Species
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
also O
found O
some O
promoters O
of O
cotton B-Species
genes O
( O
such O
as O
GhCELA1 B-CommonName
, O
GhCELA2 B-CommonName
and O
others O
) O
contain O
the O
SMREs O
( O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
MYB B-CommonName
- O
responsive O
elements O
) O
recognized O
by O
cotton B-Species
MYB B-CommonName
proteins O
( O
our O
unpublished O
data O
) O
. O

The O
plates O
were O
placed O
vertically O
on O
a O
rack O
so O
that O
the O
roots B-Location
grew O
down O
- O
ward O
on O
the O
surface O
of O
the O
growth B-Process
medium O
. O

GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
delta O
TAR O
: O
YFP O
- O
N O
and O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
delta O
TAR O
: O
YFP O
- O
C O
were O
transiently O
coexpressed O
in O
onion O
epidermal O
cells O
, O
using O
bZIP63 B-CommonName
as O
positive O
control O
( O
see O
Materials O
and O
methods O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
10 O
MYBs B-CommonName
and O
5 O
NACs B-CommonName
were O
enriched O
in O
cluster O
8 O
, O
which O
were O
related O
to O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
mainly O
expressed O
in O
Pd1 O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S5 O
) O
. O

Ectopically O
expressing O
this O
acyltransferase B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
results O
in O
the O
increase O
of O
phenolic B-Compound
esters I-Compound
in O
leaf B-Location
cutin B-Compound
, O
and O
in O
root B-Location
and O
seed B-Location
suberins B-Compound
. O

Of O
the O
two O
gene O
clusters O
showing O
linear O
expression O
, O
one O
( O
cluster O
9 O
) O
was O
de O
fi O
ned O
by O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
expression O
but O
only O
showed O
enrichment O
for O
a O
limited O
number O
of O
develop B-Process
- I-Process
ment I-Process
- O
related O
functional O
categories O
. O

To O
validate O
the O
cleavage O
of O
miRNAs O
on O
target O
genes O
, O
we O
selected O
two O
miRNAs O
including O
miR165s B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3p I-CommonName
and O
miR5373 B-CommonName
and O
overexpressed O
their O
YFP O
fusions O
in O
tobacco B-Species
leaves B-Location
together O
with O
corresponding O
miRNA O
. O

The O
amount O
of O
pro O
- O
tein O
loaded O
in O
each O
lane O
was O
determined O
by O
probing O
with O
the O
anti O
- O
histone O
H3 O
antibody O
. O

The O
residue O
following O
2 O
M O
TFA O
hydrolysis B-Process
was O
used O
for O
the O
determination O
of O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
using O
the O
anthrone O
- O
sulfuric O
acid O
method O
as O
previously O
described O
by O
Foster O
et O
al O
. O

TBA2p O
: O
: O
BGAL11 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
Gateway O
R4pGWB O
destination O
vector O
R4pGWB401 O
+ O
Citrine O
Completed O
chimeric O
construct O
. O

The O
lack O
of O
NST B-CommonName
mutants O
in O
plants O
has O
prevented O
evaluation O
of O
this O
hypothesis O
in O
plants O
. O

Scale O
bar O
5 O
250 O
mm O
in O
( O
A O
) O
and O
( O
C O
) O
; O
100 O
mm O
in O
( O
B O
) O
. O

Although O
the O
DIM1 B-CommonName
transcript O
was O
55 O
- O
60 O
fold O
higher O
in O
the O
DIMOX O
transgenic O
lines O
, O
we O
did O
not O
observe O
any O
obvious O
pheno O
- O
typic O
changes O
in O
this O
mutant O
. O

Exploring O
the O
secrets O
of O
long O
noncoding O
RNAs O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
reciprocal O
cross O
- O
regulation O
between O
NST B-CommonName
/ O
SND B-CommonName
orthologs O
and O
VND B-CommonName
orthologs O
is O
an O
important O
mechanism O
to O
main O
- O
tain O
the O
homeostasis O
of O
their O
expression O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O

The O
contrast O
in O
results O
suggests O
that O
additional O
KOR B-CommonName
members O
are O
involved O
in O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
jxb O
/ O
err438 O
Bollh O
o O
ner O
B O
, O
Zhang O
B O
, O
Stael O
S O
et O
al O
. O

AtPAD4 B-CommonName
encodes O
triacylglycerol B-CommonName
lipase I-CommonName
, O
which O
is O
required O
for O
the O
acti O
- O
vation O
of O
R O
( O
resistance O
) O
genes O
( O
Jirage O
et O
al O
. O

Height O
and O
weight O
measurements O
are O
in O
fig O
. O

4 O
) O
: O
this O
is O
most O
likely O
a O
reflection O
of O
the O
intrinsic O
computing O
differences O
of O
the O
two O
algorithms O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
could O
reduce O
Al O
accumulation B-Process
in O
the O
root B-Location
of O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
trees O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
trees O
. O

Similar O
to O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
NST1 B-CommonName
and O
NST3 B-CommonName
/ O
SND1 B-CommonName
, O
several O
Populus B-Species
NST B-CommonName
/ O
SND B-CommonName
orthologs O
seem O
to O
coordinately O
regulate O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
as O
master O
regulators O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

The O
pie O
chart O
at O
each O
process O
illustrates O
the O
percentage O
of O
the O
EM O
represented O
in O
the O
process O
. O

1 O
) O
, O
diverts O
flux O
away O
from O
H B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
and O
toward O
G O
and O
S B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
. O

The O
experi O
- O
ment O
was O
repeated O
at O
least O
three O
times O
with O
four O
plants O
at O
each O
time O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ATHB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
8 I-CommonName
HD I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Zip I-CommonName
protein O
acts O
as O
a O
di B-Process
ff I-Process
erentiation I-Process
- O
promoting O
transcription O
factor O
of O
the O
vascular B-Location
meristems I-Location
. O

The O
results O
in O
this O
study O
suggest O
that O
lignocellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
- O
related O
genes O
may O
be O
associated O
with O
WBD O
. O

Analysis O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
side O
- O
chain O
region O
of O
the O
HSQC O
spectra O
in O
the O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
mutant O
and O
wild O
type O
. O

Expression O
analyses O
were O
performed O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
1 O
) O
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
using O
stems B-Location
and O
petioles B-Location
of O
the O
hybrid O
aspen B-Species
. O

( O
d O
- O
f O
) O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
phenypropanoid B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
SRDX O
plants O
. O

Transcription O
factors O
have O
been O
identified O
that O
coordinately O
regulate O
111 O
the O
expression O
of O
phenylalanine B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
downstream O
metabolism B-Process
of O
112 O
phenylalanine B-Compound
. O

Dried O
samples O
( O
~ O
500 O
mg O
) O
were O
successively O
extracted O
with O
acetone O
( O
8 O
h O
) O
and O
water O
( O
3 O
h O
) O
in O
Soxhlet O
apparatus O
. O

An O
average O
density O
of O
trees O
in O
each O
family O
showed O
a O
roughly O
nor O
- O
mal O
distribution O
( O
a O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
cellulose B-Compound
quantity O
and O
physical O
characteristics O
are O
of O
great O
importance O
to O
almost O
every O
aspect O
of O
fiber B-Location
industrial O
use O
( O
Haigler O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

To O
dynamically O
maintain O
such O
control O
, O
the O
plants O
need O
to O
be O
able O
to O
both O
acetylate O
and O
deacetylate O
, O
so O
deacetylases B-CommonName
that O
work O
antagonistically O
to O
acetyltransferases B-CommonName
likely O
exist O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
of O
plant O
cells O
. O

patens I-Species
possesses O
a O
bona O
fi O
de O
HCT B-CommonName
, O
but O
its O
physiological O
role O
remains O
unclear O
. O

AtLOG3 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
gene O
regulation O
largely O
controls O
root B-Location
xylem I-Location
proliferation B-Process
. O

Formation B-Process
of O
omega B-Compound
- I-Compound
feruloyloxypalmitic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
by O
an O
enzyme O
from O
wound O
- O
healing O
potato B-Species
tuber O
discs O
. O

The O
genomic O
DNA O
of O
E B-Species
. I-Species

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
sugar O
and O
lignin B-Compound
content O
with O
or O
without O
Si O
To O
reveal O
the O
cause O
of O
changes O
in O
leaf B-Location
physical O
properties O
observed O
in O
both O
plant O
posture O
and O
the O
creep O
test O
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharides O
and O
lignin B-Compound
were O
analyzed O
. O

Summary O
The O
plant O
GT43 B-CommonName
protein O
family O
includes O
xylosyltransferases B-CommonName
that O
are O
known O
to O
be O
required O
for O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
but O
have O
incompletely O
understood O
speci O
fi O
cities O
. O

The O
total O
thioacidolysis O
yield O
, O
expressed O
in O
lmoles O
( O
H O
+ O
G O
+ O
S O
) O
per O
gram O
of O
extract O
- O
free O
sample O
, O
gives O
an O
estimate O
of O
the O
amount O
of O
parent O
lignin B-Compound
structures O
. O

Interfasci O
- O
cular O
fibers B-Location
accumulated O
a O
considerable O
amount O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
material O
, O
although O
the O
autofluores O
- O
cence O
signal O
was O
still O
weak O
compared O
to O
the O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
regions O
( O
Fig O
. O

Samples O
were O
sectioned O
at O
10 O
u O
m O
thickness O
using O
a O
Leica O
RM2235 O
rotary O
microtome O
( O
Leica O
, O
www O
. O
leica O
- O
microsystems O
. O

The O
images O
are O
representative O
of O
20 O
plants O
for O
each O
genotype O
. O

All O
steps O
were O
conducted O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
. O

When O
grown O
under O
long O
- O
day O
conditions O
, O
pxc1 B-CommonName
mutants O
did O
not O
show O
significant O
difference O
from O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
in O
terms O
of O
cellular O
morphology O
as O
seen O
from O
transverse O
sections O
of O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stem I-Location
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Prephenate B-CommonName
aminotransferase I-CommonName
directs O
plant O
phenylalanine B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
via O
arogenate B-Compound
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Chloroplast O
signaling O
and O
Lesion B-CommonName
Simulating I-CommonName
Disease I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
regulate O
crosstalk O
between O
light O
acclimation B-Process
and O
immunity O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
is O
a O
commercially O
important O
trait O
to O
agriculture O
, O
forestry O
and O
bioenergy O
industry O
and O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
( O
c O
) O
( O
d O
) O
( O
f O
) O
( O
g O
) O
( O
h O
) O
( O
i O
) O
( O
j O
) O
( O
k O
) O
( O
l O
) O
( O
m O
) O
( O
e O
) O
Figure O
4 O
The O
3F16 O
- O
6 O
lines O
show O
dramatic O
phenotypic O
changes O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Sampling O
site O
and O
method O
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
PHENIX O
: O
a O
comprehensive O
Python O
- O
based O
system O
for O
macro O
- O
molecular O
structure O
solution O
. O

The O
relatively O
steady O
expression O
of O
CCoAOMT B-CommonName
and O
C3H B-CommonName
within O
the O
maturing O
sugarcane B-Species
stem B-Location
may O
reflect O
their O
continued O
requirement O
for O
feruloyl B-Compound
residue I-Compound
production O
for O
ongoing O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
lignification B-Process
and O
not O
just O
their O
role O
in O
lignin B-Compound
monomer O
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

2013b O
) O
, O
is O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
, O
protein O
extracts O
from O
switchgrass B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
do O
not O
show O
such O
activity O
( O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
Sixth O
International O
Conference O
on O
Intelligent O
Systems O
for O
Molecular O
Biology O
( O
ISMB O
6 O
) O
. O

For O
clarity O
, O
WT O
alleles O
are O
shown O
in O
bold O
. O
Table O
S1 O
. O

tremula I-Species
x I-Species
tremuloides I-Species
( O
Ptt O
) O
unless O
stated O
otherwise O
, O
for O
use O
in O
DNA O
and O
RNA O
extractions O
, O
and O
quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
gene O
expression O
used O
primers O
designed O
for O
this O
eco O
- O
type O
. O

When O
staining O
young O
seedlings O
, O
fi O
xation O
using O
0 O
. O
3 O
% O
formaldehyde O
in O
50 O
mM O
phosphate O
buffer O
was O
performed O
before O
GUS O
staining O
. O

Chaiwanon O
J O
, O
Wang O
ZY O
( O
2015 O
) O
Spatiotemporal O
brassinosteroid B-Compound
signaling O
and O
antag O
- O
onism O
with O
auxin B-Compound
pattern O
stem B-Location
cell I-Location
dynamics O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
. O

This O
region O
is O
highly O
similar O
among O
these O
rosid O
species O
, O
possessing O
several O
common O
consecutive O
genes O
. O

The O
residues O
close O
to O
ConA B-Compound
are O
also O
shown O
in O
stick O
representation O
and O
the O
T1 O
Cu O
is O
represented O
by O
an O
orange O
sphere O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
( O
c O
) O
2015 O
Extended O
Data O
Figure O
3 O
| O
Binding O
of O
NST2 B-CommonName
and O
SND1 B-CommonName
to O
fragments O
of O
CESA7 B-CommonName
, O
CESA8 B-CommonName
, O
and O
KOR B-CommonName
promoters O
. O

BC14 B-CommonName
was O
de O
fi O
ned O
as O
a O
putative O
NST B-CommonName
by O
a O
search O
in O
the O
Conserved O
Domain O
Database O
of O
NCBI O
. O

5 O
Histochemical O
staining O
of O
rice B-Species
sheath B-Location
for O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
and O
OsCOMT B-CommonName
promoter O
activity O
and O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
. O

Stringency O
washes O
and O
the O
remaining O
protocol O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
( O
10 O
) O
except O
for O
the O
last O
step O
of O
color O
development O
. O

Hypothetically O
, O
a O
release O
from O
plant O
cells O
of O
substances O
serving O
for O
defence O
against O
pathogens O
but O
negatively O
influencing O
the O
transdifferentiation B-Process
is O
also O
possible O
. O

eQTN O
mapping O
combined O
with O
analyses O
of O
enzymatic O
activity O
aided O
our O
interpretation O
of O
the O
causal O
genes O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
association O
studies O
for O
tree O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
activities O
of O
PtAP66 B-CommonName
and O
PtAP5 B-CommonName
promoters O
in O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
static O
digital O
images O
were O
saved O
in O
BMP O
format O
. O

119 O
, O
839 O
- O
848 O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

The O
sample O
structure O
of O
these O
experiments O
, O
along O
with O
summaries O
of O
phenotypic O
data O
for O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
compos O
- O
ition O
, O
is O
presented O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

One O
example O
is O
the O
promoter O
of O
the O
Brassica B-Species
napus I-Species
seed B-Location
storage O
protein O
nap2 B-CommonName
[ O
17 O
] O
. O

This O
indicated O
that O
the O
effect O
of O
CMTs B-Compound
on O
CMF B-Compound
ori B-Process
- I-Process
entation I-Process
and O
not O
another O
CMT B-Compound
function O
was O
required O
to O
compensate B-Process
for O
inhibition O
of O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
function O
. O

From O
30nM O
to O
3 O
mM O
Cu O
, O
the O
evolution O
of O
Cu O
in O
the O
fi B-Location
ne I-Location
roots I-Location
follows O
a O
logarithmic O
increase O
as O
a O
function O
of O
the O
concentration O
of O
Cu O
in O
the O
medium O
, O
which O
indicates O
that O
the O
same O
increase O
of O
Cu O
in O
the O
medium O
induces O
a O
greater O
variation O
of O
Cu O
in O
the O
roots B-Location
at O
low O
Cu O
availability O
than O
at O
high O
Cu O
availability O
and O
suggests O
a O
higher O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
the O
Cu O
transport O
system O
when O
Cu O
availability O
is O
low O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1111 O
/ O
jmi O
. O
12059 O
Falconer O
MM O
, O
Seagull O
RW O
( O
1985 O
) O
Immunofluorescent O
and O
Calcofluor O
White O
staining O
of O
developing O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
in O
Zinnia B-Species
elegans I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species

The O
same O
amino O
acid O
sites O
are O
highlighted O
in O
black O
, O
conserved O
and O
similar O
residues O
are O
indicated O
in O
gray O
. O

SHATTERPROOF B-CommonName
MADS B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
box I-CommonName
genes O
control O
seed B-Location
dispersal O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
understanding O
gained O
in O
the O
genetic O
regulation O
of O
xylan B-Compound
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
provides O
novel O
opportunities O
for O
metabolic O
rewiring O
for O
biotechnological O
improvement O
of O
woody O
biomass O
crop O
species O
. O

Evodevo O
2 O
: O
14 O
Ali O
M O
, O
Emsley O
AM O
, O
Herman O
H O
, O
Heywood O
RJ O
( O
2001 O
) O
Spectroscopic O
studies O
of O
the O
ageing O
of O
cellulosic O
paper O
. O

The O
roles O
of O
segmental O
and O
tandem O
gene O
duplication O
in O
the O
evolution O
of O
large O
gene O
families O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

The O
presence O
of O
these O
common O
QTL O
suggests O
that O
these O
traits O
might O
be O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
same O
genes O
or O
genetic O
pathways O
. O

Hence O
, O
we O
conclude O
that O
the O
tdTomato O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
CESAs B-CommonName
move O
independently O
of O
the O
YFP O
- O
CESA7 B-CommonName
CESAs B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Labelling O
is O
also O
confined O
to O
the O
SCWs B-Compound
of O
fibres B-Location
and O
parenchyma B-Location
cells O
. O

We O
also O
studied O
the O
expression O
pattern O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
, I-CommonName
9 I-CommonName
, I-CommonName
and I-CommonName
11 I-CommonName
in O
various O
organs O
of O
rice B-Species
using O
a O
public O
database O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
ricexpro O
. O

Expression O
profile O
of O
Populus B-Species
KOR B-CommonName
genes O
. O

the O
CesA B-CommonName
speed O
changed O
with O
more O
or O
less O
than O
90 O
nm O
/ O
min O
, O
they O
were O
referred O
to O
as O
deviating O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
trajectory O
. O

Three O
bio O
- O
logical O
replicates O
were O
compared O
to O
con O
fi O
rm O
results O
prior O
to O
docu O
- O
mentation O
by O
confocal O
microscopy O
, O
as O
described O
in O
Petzold O
et O
al O
. O

S1 O
PttCLE47 B-CommonName
RNAi O
transgenic O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
trees O
display O
reduced O
growth B-Process
( O
Extended O
graphs O
) O
Fig O
. O

Different O
mono B-Compound
- I-Compound
lignol I-Compound
pathway O
genes O
were O
differentially O
transcribed O
in O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
with O
HD O
or O
LD O
; O
however O
, O
the O
latter O
had O
more O
transcription O
of O
genes O
involved O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
polymerization B-Process
. O

Ectopic O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
the O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
overexpressing O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
. O

More O
research O
have O
been O
processed O
in O
fiber B-Location
initiation O
and O
elongation B-Process
stage O
[ O
20 O
- O
24 O
] O
. O

Jensen O
JK O
, O
Johnson O
NR O
, O
Wilkerson O
CG O
. O

We O
showed O
that O
lesion O
in O
IIP4 B-CommonName
strengthened O
mechanical O
properties O
by O
activating O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
enhancing O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
. O

For O
the O
analysis O
, O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
were O
assigned O
to O
same O
group O
( O
module O
) O
whereas O
LAC4 B-CommonName
and O
PRX64 B-CommonName
were O
assigned O
to O
two O
different O
groups O
. O

Primary O
transformants O
were O
selected O
by O
plating O
on O
Germination O
Media O
plates O
containing O
50 O
mg O
/ O
mL O
kanamycin O
, O
25 O
mg O
/ O
mL O
hygromycin O
, O
or O
25 O
mg O
/ O
mL O
Basta O
. O

Next O
, O
we O
used O
BLAST O
searching O
to O
compare O
amino O
acid O
similarity O
in O
the O
NCBI O
database O
and O
found O
the O
sequence O
to O
have O
a O
high O
degree O
of O
conservation O
with O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX10 B-CommonName
and O
IRX10L B-CommonName
. O

Lignin B-Compound
fractions O
were O
also O
isolated O
following O
cellulases B-CommonName
pretreatment O
to O
remove O
most O
of O
the O
polysaccharides O
and O
retain O
and O
purify O
the O
lignin B-Compound
. O

At O
each O
time O
point O
, O
five O
straight O
one O
- O
year O
- O
old O
plants O
were O
bended O
at O
the O
15th O
internode O
( O
counted O
from O
the O
top O
) O
to O
a O
45 O
* O
angle O
and O
fixed O
with O
ropes O
to O
induce O
TW O
formation B-Process
. O

When O
seedlings O
were O
exposed O
to O
Al O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
was O
increased O
at O
both O
root B-Location
tip I-Location
and O
basal O
root B-Location
regions O
but O
not O
in O
leaves B-Location
( O
Figure O
1a O
) O
. O

The O
polar O
- O
ized O
targeting O
of O
KOR B-CommonName
is O
believed O
to O
play O
a O
role O
in O
cell B-Compound
plate I-Compound
for B-Process
- I-Process
mation I-Process
during O
cytokinesis B-Process
( O
Zuo O
et O
al O
. O

Electron O
micrographs O
were O
recorded O
on O
FG O
fi O
lms O
( O
Fuji O
fi O
lm O
, O
Tokyo O
, O
Japan O
) O
. O

Schreiber O
, O
Apoplastic O
polyesters B-Compound
in O
arabidopsis B-Species
surface O
tissuesda O
typical O
suberin B-Compound
and O
a O
particular O
cutin B-Compound
, O
Phytochemistry O
66 O
( O
2005 O
) O
2643 O
- O
2658 O
. O

Figure O
S8 O
Expression O
pattern O
analysis O
of O
PtrCLV2 B-CommonName
in O
various O
tissues O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

Four O
biological O
replicates O
of O
each O
sample O
were O
injected O
two O
times O
each O
to O
carry O
out O
statistical O
analyses O
. O

This O
would O
be O
an O
intriguing O
case O
of O
conver O
- O
gent O
evolution O
that O
could O
be O
driven O
by O
the O
strong O
advantage O
in O
restricting O
ROS B-Compound
availability O
to O
a O
subset O
of O
selected O
ROS B-Compound
receptors O
or O
ROS B-Compound
- O
dependent O
enzymes O
within O
the O
cell O
. O

Journal O
of O
Proteome O
Research O
8 O
: O
2341 O
- O
2350 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
jxb O
/ O
erp190 O
. O

Legends O
illustrate O
the O
amount O
of O
genes O
that O
correspond O
to O
the O
thickness O
of O
the O
edges O
: O
the O
edges O
from O
hotspots O
to O
processes O
were O
not O
transformed O
, O
whereas O
edges O
from O
EMs O
to O
hotspot O
loci O
were O
transformed O
for O
clarity O
. O

In O
the O
PCA O
, O
the O
Table O
5 O
. O

AIRs O
were O
extracted O
with O
water O
( O
10 O
mL O
/ O
mg O
AIR O
) O
on O
a O
rotary O
shaker O
( O
100 O
rpm O
) O
overnight O
at O
room O
temperature O
, O
and O
clarified O
by O
centrifugation O
at O
4000 O
rpm O
at O
24 O
C O
for O
15 O
min O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1080 O
/ O
10715769900301441 O
Church O
DL O
, O
Galston O
AW O
( O
1988 O
) O
Hormonal O
induction O
and O
antihormonal O
inhibition O
of O
tracheary B-Location
element I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Zinnia B-Species
cell O
cultures O
. O

The O
measurement O
indicated O
that O
there O
was O
about O
30 O
% O
reduction O
in O
the O
cuticular O
wax B-Compound
content O
, O
from O
236 O
. O
56 O
lg O
/ O
g O
in O
WT O
sheaths O
to O
162 O
. O
92 O
lg O
/ O
g O
in O
bsh1 B-CommonName
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

To O
better O
characterize O
the O
mutant O
phenotype O
, O
we O
examined O
the O
stem B-Location
cross O
sections O
with O
phloroglucinol O
staining O
. O

However O
, O
the O
expression O
decreased O
to O
a O
level O
similar O
to O
that O
without O
Al O
after O
8 O
hr O
of O
exposure O
( O
Figure O
1b O
) O
. O

indicates O
no O
signi O
fi O
cant O
difference O
compared O
with O
vector O
control O
. O

The O
increase O
in O
G B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
does O
not O
result O
from O
the O
enzyme O
' O
s O
substrate O
preference O
but O
may O
be O
related O
to O
substrate O
availability O
Unexpectedly O
, O
the O
in O
vitro O
enzyme O
activity O
of O
recombinant O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
protein O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
GUS O
reporter O
gene O
was O
then O
added O
at O
the O
BamHI O
and O
SacII O
sites O
from O
the O
original O
pRT O
106 O
polylinker O
. O

We O
identi O
fi O
ed O
fi O
ve O
mannan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
- O
associated O
genes O
( O
Verhertbruggen O
et O
al O
. O

For O
a O
comprehensive O
list O
of O
accession O
numbers O
repre O
- O
sented O
in O
the O
eY1H O
data O
, O
please O
see O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
2 O
. O

All O
vectors O
were O
used O
to O
transform O
Agrobacterium B-Species
tumefaciens O
strain O
C58 O
- O
1 O
pGV3850 O
. O

The O
venn O
diagram O
of O
31 O
, O
586 O
unigenes O
from O
five O
public O
database O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Cortical O
microtubules O
optimize O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
crystallinity O
to O
drive O
unidirectional O
growth B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Pa O
e O
s O
G O
, O
Habrant O
A O
, O
Ossemond O
J O
, O
Chabbert O
B O
. O

The O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
of O
the O
hydrolysis B-Process
protocol O
may O
allow O
a O
better O
disruption O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
which O
in O
turn O
allow O
a O
deeper O
accessibility O
of O
the O
acid O
through O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structures O
allowing O
a O
harsher O
acid O
performance O
, O
which O
is O
supported O
by O
previous O
studies O
( O
Zhao O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
Direct O
NanoSIMS O
ima O
- O
ging O
of O
diffusible O
elements O
in O
surfaced O
block O
of O
cryo O
- O
processed O
biological O
samples O
. O

The O
arrowhead O
indicates O
a O
point O
mutation O
in O
bs1 B-CommonName
, O
which O
results O
in O
the O
RNA O
products O
containing O
unspliced O
introns O
( O
shown O
in O
red O
letters O
below O
) O
. O

The O
RNA O
quality O
was O
tested O
using O
a O
Bioanalyser O
with O
RNA O
6000 O
Nano O
chip O
( O
Agilent O
, O
Santa O
Clara O
, O
CA O
, O
USA O
) O
. O

Application O
of O
chemicals O
that O
alter O
GA B-Compound
levels O
in O
the O
plant O
is O
a O
common O
practice O
in O
traditional O
agriculture O
and O
horticulture O
. O

Many O
previous O
studies O
reported O
CesA B-CommonName
orthologs O
based O
on O
phylogenetic O
analyses O
[ O
16 O
, O
18 O
] O
. O

Immunohistochemical O
localization O
Stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
were O
fi O
xed O
with O
4 O
% O
paraformaldehyde O
and O
em O
- O
bedded O
in O
paraf O
fi O
n O
. O

Chromosomal O
locations O
and O
Ka O
( O
nonsynonymous O
) O
/ O
Ks O
( O
synonymous O
) O
analysis O
The O
chromosomal O
locations O
of O
the O
PALs B-CommonName
in O
five O
Rosaceae O
plants O
were O
obtained O
from O
genome O
annotation O
documents O
. O

This O
differential O
expression O
pattern O
is O
attributable O
to O
the O
genetic O
divergence O
of O
paralogous O
genes O
during O
the O
evo O
- O
lution O
[ O
52 O
] O
. O

Each O
branch O
in O
the O
fi O
gure O
represents O
one O
gene O
, O
and O
every O
color O
below O
represents O
one O
co O
- O
expression O
module O
. O

These O
results O
showed O
that O
MYB6 B-CommonName
was O
capable O
of O
interacting O
physically O
with O
TT8 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
in O
vivo O
. O

A O
comprehensive O
toolkit O
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
glycan B-Compound
- O
directed O
monoclonal O
antibodies O
. O

GUS O
staining O
Staining O
of O
histological O
samples O
to O
make O
visible O
the O
pres O
- O
ence O
of O
the O
- O
glucuronidase O
( O
GUS O
) O
enzyme O
( O
as O
described O
by O
Jin O
et O
al O
. O

Transient O
expression O
assay O
demonstrated O
the O
direct O
transcriptional O
activation O
of O
cell B-CommonName
wall I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
associated I-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
WAK1 B-CommonName
) O
by O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
. O

We O
also O
heterologously O
expressed O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
IRX10 B-CommonName
genes O
in O
BY2 O
protoplast O
cells O
, O
but O
no O
XylT B-CommonName
activities O
were O
detected O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Seeds B-Location
were O
stratified O
for O
48 O
hours O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
, O
thereaf O
- O
ter O
transferred O
to O
~ O
22 O
deg O
C O
for O
one O
week O
under O
constant O
light O
. O

Rice B-Species
protoplasts O
expressing O
GFP O
positive O
OsMYB103L B-CommonName
were O
observed O
using O
confocal O
laser O
scanning O
microscope O
( O
Leica O
TCS O
SP5 O
) O
. O

First O
, O
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
genome O
- O
wide O
binding O
sites O
of O
six O
E B-Species
. I-Species

Techniques O
for O
biochemically O
deWning O
tannins B-Compound
. O

These O
enzymes O
are O
functional O
but O
not O
structural O
homologues O
to O
the O
animal O
cysteinyl O
asparic O
proteases B-CommonName
( O
caspases B-CommonName
) O
acting O
as O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
executioners O
( O
Woltering O
2010 O
; O
Petzold O
et O
al O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Number O
of O
days O
before O
the O
fi O
rst O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
was O
visible O
. O

The O
protein O
sequences O
of O
all O
six O
genes O
exhibited O
a O
higher O
degree O
of O
sequence O
conservation O
, O
and O
upstream O
genes O
were O
relatively O
more O
conserved O
than O
downstream O
genes O
in O
terpenoid B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathways O
. O

Although O
the O
IAA B-Compound
levels O
in O
initiating O
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
FM9 O
treated O
with O
NPA O
were O
lower O
than O
those O
in O
the O
untreated O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
iaaM B-CommonName
cotton B-Species
, O
levels O
in O
FM9 O
were O
con O
- O
siderably O
higher O
than O
those O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
treated O
with O
NPA O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
accumulation B-Process
of O
Mo O
in O
the O
case O
of O
Cu O
deprivation O
has O
already O
been O
observed O
in O
Brassica B-Species
napus I-Species
and O
Dioscorea B-Species
esculenta I-Species
( O
O O
' O
Sullivan O
and O
Ernest O
2007 O
, O
Billard O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
Genechip O
can O
' O
t O
differentiate O
closely O
related O
genes O
, O
which O
can O
be O
addressed O
by O
the O
complementary O
real O
time O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
approach O
. O

2005 O
) O
, O
it O
seems O
unlikely O
that O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
di O
ff O
er O
- O
ence O
in O
the O
abundance O
of O
sinapyl O
alcohol O
would O
have O
been O
observed O
between O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
the O
select O
C4H B-CommonName
: O
: O
F5H B-CommonName
lines O
even O
if O
this O
metabolite O
had O
been O
resolved O
. O

Here O
, O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
the O
fibres B-Location
and O
their O
distribution O
are O
introduced O
through O
a O
symmetric O
structure O
tensor O
A O
o O
. O

Stem B-Location
Morphological O
Measurements O
Were O
Signi O
fi O
cantly O
Correlated O
to O
Most O
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Traits O
The O
morphological O
structure O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
was O
studied O
in O
the O
six O
hemp B-Species
accessions O
to O
evaluate O
the O
organization B-Process
of O
the O
di O
ff O
erent O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
in O
the O
stem B-Location
and O
their O
relationship O
with O
the O
biochemical O
composition O
. O

Phylogenetic O
analysis O
was O
done O
as O
described O
in O
detail O
by O
Hall O
et O
al O
. O

Funding O
: O
Financial O
support O
was O
obtained O
through O
the O
Fonds O
National O
de O
la O
Recherche O
Luxembourg O
( O
FNR O
) O
Project O
CANCAN O
C13 O
/ O
SR O
/ O
5774202 O
and O
through O
internal O
funding O
sources O
. O

hirsutum I-Species
for O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
and O
miR319 B-CommonName
overexpression O
, O
respectively O
. O

Plant O
J O
80 O
: O
772 O
- O
784 O
Ko O
JH O
, O
Kim O
WC O
, O
Han O
KH O
( O
2009 O
) O
Ectopic O
expression O
of O
MYB46 B-CommonName
identi O
fi O
es O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
genes O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

In O
our O
research O
, O
TUNEL O
assay O
revealed O
broken O
genomic O
DNA O
in O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

For O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
japonica I-Species
, O
excepting O
the O
GGPS B-CommonName
gene O
( O
orthologous O
to O
the O
Elaeis B-Species
guineensis I-Species
gene O
) O
, O
the O
remaining O
five O
genes O
were O
orthologous O
to O
the O
Zea B-Species
mays I-Species
genes O
. O

Conclusions O
AS O
plays O
a O
critical O
role O
in O
the O
development B-Process
of O
multicellu O
- O
lar O
organisms O
, O
though O
much O
remains O
to O
be O
learned O
about O
its O
function O
in O
tree O
- O
specific O
processes O
. O

Hahn O
( O
Complex O
Car O
- O
bohydrate O
Research O
Center O
, O
University O
of O
Georgia O
, O
USA O
) O
and O
Prof O
. O

Red O
arrowheads O
indicate O
ectopic O
TE B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Cloning O
and O
characterisation O
of O
a O
phenylalanine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
gene O
from O
Rhus B-Species
chinensis I-Species
. O

Three O
novel O
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
and O
proved O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

WOX4 B-CommonName
imparts O
auxin B-Compound
responsiveness O
to O
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

By O
6 O
weeks O
, O
the O
DIMRNAi O
lines O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
stunted O
Planta O
( O
2012 O
) O
235 O
: O
485 O
- O
498 O
489 O
123 O
relative O
to O
the O
WT O
( O
Fig O
. O

6a O
, O
b O
) O
, O
but O
not O
between O
the O
Got1p B-CommonName
and O
the O
CesAs B-CommonName
or O
the O
STL B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
to O
our O
knowledge O
, O
the O
function O
of O
the O
SWAM B-CommonName
clade O
has O
not O
been O
examined O
in O
any O
species O
. O

Gene O
names O
were O
given O
according O
to O
annotation O
. O

Immunoprecipitates O
of O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
expressed O
under O
control O
of O
its O
own O
promoter O
in O
the O
rlp44 B-CommonName
cnu2 B-CommonName
background O
were O
probed O
with O
antisera O
raised O
against O
BRI1 B-CommonName
and O
BAK1 B-CommonName
( O
6 O
) O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
17 O
: O
2281 O
- O
2295 O
Cabane O
M O
, O
A O
fi O
f O
D O
, O
Hawkins O
S O
( O
2012 O
) O
Lignins B-Compound
and O
abiotic O
stresses O
. O

We O
thus O
investigated O
the O
alteration O
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
contents O
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
overex O
- O
pression O
plants O
. O

Yokoyama O
T O
, O
Kadla O
JF O
, O
Chang O
HM O
( O
2002 O
) O
Microanalytical O
method O
for O
the O
characterization O
of O
fiber B-Location
components O
and O
morphology O
of O
woody O
plants O
. O

Relative O
expression O
levels O
of O
ACL5 B-CommonName
( O
A O
) O
and O
SAMDC4 B-CommonName
( O
B O
) O
were O
determined O
by O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
10 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
seedlings O
. O

Multigene O
families O
encoding O
laccases B-CommonName
have O
been O
identified O
in O
plant O
genomes O
3 O
, O
4 O
. O

( O
e O
) O
Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
cell I-Location
layers O
in O
WT O
and O
PtoIAA9m B-CommonName
- O
OE O
transgenic O
plants O
( O
L1 O
) O
. O

Such O
a O
function O
would O
suggest O
that O
some O
microtubules O
may O
become O
detached O
from O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
CMU B-CommonName
. O

Error O
bars O
+ O
- O
SD O
from O
three O
biological O
replicates O
. O

K O
EUR O
ark O
EUR O
onen O
, O
under O
preparation O
) O
suggesting O
that O
laccases B-CommonName
are O
involved O
in O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
soluble O
, O
small O
molecular O
weight O
coupling O
products O
from O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
. O

We O
have O
previously O
shown O
that O
application O
of O
inhibitors O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
such O
as O
thaxtomin B-Compound
A I-Compound
( O
TA B-Compound
) O
and O
IXB B-Compound
on O
Arabidopsis B-Species
sus O
- O
pension O
cells O
also O
triggered O
PCD B-Process
( O
Duval O
et O
al O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Analysis O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
using O
a O
transactivation O
assay O
in O
yeast O
. O

Discussion O
Increasing O
evidence O
has O
demonstrated O
that O
plant O
APs B-CommonName
play O
important O
roles O
in O
protein O
processing O
, O
stress O
re O
- O
sponses O
, O
PCD B-Process
and O
reproduction B-Process
[ O
11 O
] O
. O

taeda I-Species
are O
in O
the O
millimolar O
range O
( O
12 O
1 O
. O
3 O
mmol O
/ O
L O
for O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
and O
25 O
. O
4 O
5 O
. O
5 O
mmol O
/ O
L O
for O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
; O
Bao O
et O
al O
. O

Michaelis O
- O
Menten O
Curves O
are O
shown O
in O
Figure O
S7 O
. O

In O
the O
absence O
of O
Si O
( O
the O
- O
Si O
condition O
) O
, O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
drooped O
, O
but O
physical O
properties O
were O
enhanced O
. O

Wood B-Compound
density O
was O
expressed O
as O
dry O
weight O
per O
fresh O
volume O
. O

The O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
protein O
exhibited O
typical O
features O
of O
WRKY B-CommonName
TFs O
and O
was O
localized O
in O
the O
nucleus O
( O
Figs O
. O

K O
also O
in O
fl O
uences O
xylem B-Location
structure O
, O
probably O
through O
its O
role O
in O
turgor O
- O
driven O
elongation B-Process
of O
new O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

However O
, O
a O
more O
complete O
picture O
of O
the O
proteins O
that O
matter O
for O
JW O
or O
MW O
formation B-Process
will O
require O
one O
to O
take O
into O
account O
the O
genetic O
variability O
of O
protein O
accumulation B-Process
. O

Perception O
of O
ethylene B-Compound
is O
achieved O
through O
ER O
membrane O
- O
localized O
receptors O
( O
ETRs B-CommonName
) O
that O
repress O
ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
ethylene B-Compound
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
tested O
the O
mobility O
of O
laccases B-CommonName
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
using O
fluorescence O
recovery O
after O
photobleaching O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Changes O
in O
fresh O
weight O
, O
( O
B O
) O
visual O
appearance O
index O
, O
( O
C O
) O
texture O
( O
firmness O
) O
and O
( O
D O
) O
lignin B-Compound
content O
. O

Such O
transition O
coincides O
with O
flowering B-Process
time O
( O
6 O
) O
and O
is O
positively O
regulated O
by O
gibberellins O
( O
GAs O
) O
( O
5 O
) O
and O
the O
KNOTTED1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
HOMEOBOX I-CommonName
( O
KNOX B-CommonName
) O
transcription O
factor O
BREVIPEDICELLUS B-CommonName
( O
BP B-CommonName
) O
( O
7 O
) O
. O

S14 O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
these O
genes O
was O
queried O
to O
determine O
whether O
they O
are O
expressed O
at O
all O
in O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Although O
we O
reserve O
the O
right O
to O
improve O
these O
values O
if O
and O
as O
methods O
become O
available O
, O
right O
now O
they O
are O
the O
best O
estimates O
we O
have O
. O

Black O
arrows O
indicate O
the O
two O
designed O
target O
sites O
of O
CRISPR O
/ O
Cas9 O
. O

Isono O
K O
, O
Satoh O
K O
, O
Kobayashi O
H O
( O
2000 O
) O
Molecular O
cloning O
of O
a O
cDNA O
encoding O
a O
novel O
Ca B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
+ I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
dependent I-CommonName
nuclease I-CommonName
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
that O
is O
similar O
to O
staphylococcal B-CommonName
nuclease I-CommonName
. O

RT O
negative O
samples O
were O
prepared O
by O
replacing O
reverse O
transcriptase O
with O
water O
. O

In O
the O
transgenic O
wood B-Compound
, O
synthesis B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
in O
both O
crystalline O
and O
amorphous O
forms O
was O
heavily O
suppressed O
, O
while O
lignin B-Compound
and O
most O
hemicellulose O
sugar O
content O
were O
not O
affected O
. O

For O
brightfield O
images O
, O
seedlings O
were O
grown O
in O
the O
dark O
for O
2 O
d O
on O
0 O
. O
5 O
MS O
plates O
and O
then O
transferred O
to O
media O
containing O
10 O
mu O
M O
dexamethasone O
and O
/ O
or O
200 O
nM O
isoxaben O
( O
Sigma O
- O
Aldrich O
) O
and O
grown O
in O
the O
dark O
for O
an O
additional O
day O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
we O
found O
C2H2 B-CommonName
zinc B-CommonName
fi I-CommonName
nger I-CommonName
- O
type O
TF O
families O
that O
interestingly O
, O
have O
not O
been O
discussed O
so O
far O
in O
terms O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Interestingly O
, O
each O
MYB B-CommonName
protein O
341 O
could O
activate O
ADT B-CommonName
or O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
independently O
( O
Fig O
. O

When O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
protoxylem B-Location
TE I-Location
differentiation B-Process
was O
induced O
, O
all O
fl O
uorescently O
tagged O
ABC B-CommonName
transporters I-CommonName
were O
localized O
to O
plasma O
membranes O
( O
Fig O
. O

* O
* O
103 O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
( O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
) O
indicating O
significant O
difference O
compared O
to O
the O
control O
. O

Along O
a O
concentric O
ring O
- O
shaped O
region O
of O
interest O
across O
the O
emerging O
phloem B-Location
poles O
, O
the O
latter O
appeared O
as O
dark O
foci O
of O
GUS O
staining O
with O
higher O
pixel O
intensity O
. O

Homologs O
closest O
in O
sequence O
that O
were O
similarly O
expressed O
in O
primary B-Compound
or I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
enriched O
internodes B-Location
were O
considered O
putative O
orthologs O
. O

The O
distortional O
right O
Cauchy O
- O
Green O
deformation B-Process
tensor O
is O
defined O
by O
C O
1 O
/ O
4 O
F O
d O
Th O
T O
F O
. O

The O
process O
was O
described O
in O
detail O
previously O
[ O
18 O
] O
. O

The O
monolignols B-Compound
are O
biosynthesized O
in O
the O
cytosol O
and O
then O
transferred O
to O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
for O
polymerization B-Process
via O
radical O
coupling O
reactions O
. O

This O
expression O
pattern O
is O
similar O
to O
AoPAL B-CommonName
and O
AoNST1 B-CommonName
whose O
expression O
is O
higher O
in O
the O
base O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
where O
more O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
is O
occurring O
. O

These O
consist O
of O
, O
e O
. O
g O
. O

All O
isoforms O
shared O
high O
identities O
with O
the O
corresponding O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Various O
other O
kinds O
of O
DNA O
staining O
are O
known O
, O
but O
are O
rarely O
reported O
for O
determination O
of O
DNA O
degradation O
occurring O
during O
TE B-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
in O
zinnia B-Species
cell O
culture O
. O

1B O
) O
, O
CESA7 B-CommonName
signal O
was O
enriched O
in O
regions O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
associated O
with O
tight O
bundles O
of O
microtubules O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
data O
imply O
that O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
acts O
primarily O
as O
a O
feruloyltransferase B-CommonName
in O
planta O
, O
involved O
in O
synthesizing O
suberin B-Compound
aromatics I-Compound
. O

For O
GC O
/ O
MS O
, O
130 O
mu O
l O
chloroform O
and O
270 O
mu O
l O
distilled O
, O
deionized O
water O
were O
combined O
with O
the O
200 O
mu O
l O
aliquot O
of O
sample O
extract O
. O

Plants O
in O
D O
were O
measured O
at O
8 O
weeks O
old O
, O
results O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
, O
n O
= O
24 O
for O
each O
line O
. O

Grossniklaus O
( O
University O
of O
Zurich O
) O
for O
the O
pMDC7 O
vector O
, O
C O
. O

MATERIALS O
AND O
METHODS O
Plant O
Materials O
and O
Phenotypes O
The O
association O
population O
consisted O
of O
435 O
unrelated O
individuals O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Tissue O
and O
cell O
- O
specific O
transcriptomes O
in O
cotton B-Species
reveal O
the O
subtleties O
of O
gene O
regulation O
underlying O
the O
diversity O
of O
plant O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

In O
Arabidopsis B-Species
there O
are O
73 O
peroxidase B-CommonName
genes O
annotated O
in O
the O
genome O
( O
Welinder O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2002 O
) O
. O

The O
nuclei O
were O
fi O
ltered O
through O
two O
layers O
of O
miracloth O
and O
pelleted O
by O
centrifugation O
. O

Despite O
the O
low O
heritability O
of O
this O
trait O
and O
the O
heterogeneous O
genetic O
background O
employed O
for O
mapping O
, O
BSA O
detected O
one O
putative O
QTL O
and O
SG O
two O
out O
of O
the O
three O
later O
found O
by O
CSA O
. O

conceived O
the O
experimen O
- O
tal O
approach O
and O
performed O
calculations O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Polymorphism O
from O
resulting O
tmo6 B-CommonName
allele O
, O
as O
determined O
by O
PCR O
. O

AGPs B-CommonName
are O
mem O
- O
brane O
anchored O
hydroxyproline B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
rich I-CommonName
family I-CommonName
proteins I-CommonName
that O
are O
thought O
to O
play O
a O
role O
in O
plasticizing O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
during O
plant O
growth B-Process
and O
particularly O
during O
cell O
elongation B-Process
( O
Ding O
and O
Zhu O
1997 O
; O
Lu O
et O
al O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
the O
peroxidase B-CommonName
superfamily O
. O

Co O
- O
IP O
was O
carried O
out O
at O
least O
twice O
. O

All O
genes O
belonging O
to O
the O
TFUL B-CommonName
clan O
showed O
similar O
phenotypes O
when O
overexpressed O
in O
3 O
different O
WT O
backgrounds O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

Stokes O
, O
Wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
trees O
. O

No O
significant O
differences O
were O
seen O
in O
levels O
of O
structural O
carbohydrates O
including O
glucose B-Compound
, O
xylose B-Compound
or O
galactose B-Compound
indicating O
that O
the O
deposition B-Process
of O
structural O
polysaccharides O
into O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
had O
also O
occurred O
before O
harvesting O
of O
samples O
( O
in O
more O
juvenile O
tissue O
) O
. O

RG B-Compound
- I-Compound
I I-Compound
, O
RG B-Compound
- I-Compound
II I-Compound
and O
homogalacturonan B-Compound
( O
HG O
) O
interact O
with O
each O
other O
through O
covalent O
linkages O
to O
form O
Fig O
. O

Expression O
of O
AsFMT B-CommonName
in O
E O
. O

These O
samples O
were O
then O
autoclaved O
at O
120 O
deg O
C O
for O
20 O
min O
to O
completely O
kill O
the O
tissues O
and O
release O
all O
electrolytes O
. O

Root B-Location
PR1 O
Root B-Location
tips I-Location
with O
apical B-Location
meristem I-Location
PR2 O
Primary B-Process
growth I-Process
PR3 O
Secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
Stem B-Location
PS1 O
Apical B-Location
meristem I-Location
with O
primary B-Process
growth I-Process
PS2 O
Secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
PS3 O
Isolated O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
November O
2019 O
| O
Volume O
10 O
| O
Article O
1419 O
Xylem B-Location
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
in O
Black B-Species
Cottonwood I-Species
Marzec O
- O
Schmidt O
et O
al O
. O

4a O
- O
d O
) O
indicates O
that O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
is O
located O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
during O
cambium B-Location
cell I-Location
proliferation B-Process
. O

Within O
the O
phylogenetic O
tree O
( O
Fig O
. O

DNA O
sequencing O
and O
qPCR O
were O
conducted O
using O
the O
Rhode O
Island O
Genomics O
and O
Sequencing O
Center O
, O
which O
is O
supported O
in O
part O
by O
the O
National O
Science O
Foundation O
under O
EPSCoR O
Grants O
Nos O
. O

No O
ectopic O
deposition B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
was O
detected O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
occurs O
in O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
using O
cytosolic O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
as O
a O
substrate O
( O
29 O
) O
. O

Fortunately O
, O
breeding O
for O
higher O
density O
and O
lower O
MFA O
are O
largely O
complementary O
as O
both O
traits O
contribute O
positively O
to O
increasing O
wood B-Compound
stiffness O
. O

BS1 B-CommonName
is O
mainly O
expressed O
in O
tissues O
enriching O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

After O
precipitation O
with O
70 O
% O
saturated O
ammonium O
sulfate O
, O
the O
pellet O
was O
homogenized O
in O
extraction O
buffer O
and O
used O
as O
the O
enzyme O
extract O
. O

In O
the O
final O
lignin B-Compound
units O
3 O
and O
4 O
, O
cleavable O
ether O
bonds O
are O
indicated O
by O
dotted O
bonds O
in O
cyan O
; O
noncleavable O
bonds O
, O
in O
brown O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
BlKOR1 B-CommonName
( O
Unigene O
4487 O
) O
was O
also O
a O
homologous O
gene O
of O
AtKOR1 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Ruhnow O
F O
, O
Zwicker O
D O
, O
Diez O
S O
( O
2011 O
) O
Tracking O
single O
particles O
and O
elongated O
filaments O
with O
nanometer O
precision O
. O

21Y O
comparison O
produced O
a O
roughly O
similar O
number O
of O
up O
- O
regulated O
DEGs O
and O
down O
- O
regulated O
DEGs O
. O

( O
C O
) O
GFP O
- O
CMU1 B-CommonName
is O
only O
faintly O
detected O
at O
preprophase O
band O
, O
spindle O
, O
or O
early O
phragmoplast O
microtubule O
arrays O
( O
indicated O
by O
yellow O
arrows O
) O
in O
dividing O
cells O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
. O

( O
TIF O
) O
Figure O
S6 O
MsCesA7 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
and O
MsCesA4 B-CommonName
relationship O
. O

In O
the O
cotton B-Species
genus O
( O
Gossypium B-Species
) O
, O
four O
species O
were O
indepen O
- O
dently O
domesticated O
and O
are O
cultivated O
for O
spinnable O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
: O
the O
A O
- O
genome O
diploids O
Gossypium B-Species
herbaceum I-Species
and O
G B-Species
. I-Species

In O
contrast O
to O
single O
- O
cell O
organisms O
, O
network O
reconstruction O
of O
higher O
organisms O
has O
been O
restricted O
mainly O
due O
to O
limitations O
in O
data O
availability O
. O

These O
209 O
TFs O
belong O
to O
41 O
diverse O
TF O
families O
, O
including O
21 O
in O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
family O
. O

Table O
S6 O
| O
Details O
of O
signi O
fi O
cant O
SNPs O
within O
candidate O
genes O
associated O
with O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
the O
association O
population O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Selective O
antibodies O
against O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
were O
used O
for O
determining O
the O
localization O
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
November O
2019 O
| O
Volume O
10 O
| O
Article O
1419 O
Xylem B-Location
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
in O
Black B-Species
Cottonwood I-Species
Marzec O
- O
Schmidt O
et O
al O
. O

NEALE O
, O
1992 O
Conifer B-Species
wood B-Compound
quality O
and O
marker O
- O
aided O
selection O
: O
a O
case O
study O
. O

GhFSN5 B-CommonName
is O
highly O
homologous O
to O
AtNST1 B-CommonName
and O
AtNST2 B-CommonName
, O
two O
master O
switches O
of O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
and O
it O
has O
been O
shown O
that O
overexpression O
of O
AtNST1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
caused O
ectopic O
SCW B-Compound
Q O
. O

Therefore O
, O
Tano O
, O
Nishikawa O
, O
Iiyama O
and O
Chosui O
are O
the O
names O
for O
the O
clones O
but O
also O
the O
names O
for O
their O
selection O
places O
. O

S6d O
) O
suggested O
their O
functional O
redundancy O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

This O
filter O
is O
asym O
- O
metric O
because O
there O
were O
far O
more O
significant O
positive O
than O
negative O
pcors O
. O

This O
technique O
enables O
the O
detailed O
observation O
of O
MFs O
in O
the O
wide O
region O
of O
developing B-Location
tracheids I-Location
. O

( O
b O
) O
Histochemical O
localization O
of O
GUS O
activity O
in O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
GUS O
transgenic O
cotton B-Species
. O

A O
community O
re O
- O
source O
has O
been O
previously O
established O
to O
study O
transcription O
factors O
in O
M B-Species
. I-Species

( O
b O
) O
The O
2A O
peptide O
sequence O
with O
corresponding O
nucleotide O
sequence O
. O

( O
A O
) O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
has O
high O
protein O
sequence O
identity O
with O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
analyzed O
by O
sequence O
alignment O
. O

The O
proteasome O
is O
responsible O
for O
caspase B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
activity O
during O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

We O
showed O
that O
MYB6 B-CommonName
is O
a O
transcriptional O
activator O
in O
yeast O
( O
Figure O
S5 O
) O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
enzyme O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
clade O
II O
members O
is O
quite O
low O
( O
Escamilla O
- O
Trevi O
~ O
no O
et O
al O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
family O
GT43 B-CommonName
members O
are O
xylan B-CommonName
xylosyltransferases I-CommonName
required O
for O
the O
elongation B-Process
of O
the O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
. O

The O
asso O
- O
ciated O
GO O
, O
KEGG O
and O
EC O
annotations O
were O
derived O
using O
Annot8r O
( O
Schmid O
and O
Blaxter O
2008 O
) O
. O

Caffeoyl B-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
was O
fed O
to O
the O
crude O
extracts O
and O
caffeate O
was O
measured O
after O
1 O
hour O
. O

Several O
plant O
MYB B-CommonName
TF O
can O
bind O
to O
DNA O
to O
regulate O
the O
downstream O
genes O
( O
Dubos O
et O
al O
. O

Speci O
fi O
c O
CAD B-CommonName
gene O
sequences O
have O
unambiguously O
been O
linked O
to O
lignin B-Compound
amount O
and O
composition O
, O
as O
well O
as O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
structure O
( O
for O
a O
review O
Boudet O
et O
al O
. O

The O
primers O
utilized O
are O
listed O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

Intense O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
was O
observed O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
and O
fibers B-Location
( O
Figs O
. O

Structure O
of O
data O
The O
data O
are O
structured O
into O
three O
categories O
according O
to O
Fig O
S4 O
. O

3 O
identify O
changes O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
and O
composition O
, O
as O
well O
as O
lignin B-Compound
autofluorescence O
to O
identify O
its O
presence O
and O
localization O
during O
primary B-Process
and I-Process
secondary I-Process
growth I-Process
of O
roots B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
. O

Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
Lignin B-Compound
The O
content O
of O
lignin B-Compound
was O
analyzed O
based O
on O
an O
adapted O
Klason O
lignin B-Compound
( O
KL O
) O
method O
essentially O
as O
described O
by O
van O
der O
Weijde O
et O
al O
. O

Future O
research O
is O
needed O
to O
reveal O
the O
details O
underlying O
the O
interaction O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
during O
plant O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
. O

The O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
showed O
the O
degradation B-Process
level O
of O
target O
genes O
by O
their O
corresponding O
miRNAs O
. O

Knott O
JM O
, O
R O
o O
mer O
P O
, O
Sumper O
M O
. O

2007 O
) O
, O
and O
H O
- O
rich O
lignin B-Compound
has O
been O
associated O
with O
stress O
lignin B-Compound
in O
spruce B-Species
( O
Lange O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
BGLU45 B-CommonName
and O
BGLU46 B-CommonName
genes O
demonstrated O
that O
these O
genes O
are O
expressed O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
, O
an O
expected O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
site O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Towards O
automated O
crystallographic O
structure O
re O
fi O
nement O
with O
phenix O
. O
re O
fi O
ne O
. O

Genes O
that O
significantly O
differed O
between O
conditions O
were O
defined O
as O
those O
with O
padj O
< O
0 O
. O
1 O
and O
| O
FC O
> O
2 O
| O
. O

Methods O
and O
Materials O
Identification O
of O
CesAs B-CommonName
in O
wheat B-Species
and O
their O
true O
orthologs O
from O
different O
species O
The O
conserved O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
domains O
from O
barley B-Species
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
was O
used O
as O
query O
to O
perform O
tBLASTn O
search O
with O
Chromosome O
Survey O
Sequence O
( O
CSS O
) O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
plants O
. O
ensembl O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
past O
e O
ff O
orts O
to O
identify O
xylem B-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
roles O
for O
ROP7 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
were O
inconclusive O
( O
Brembu O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Syntheses B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
- O
derived O
thioacidolysis O
monomers O
and O
their O
uses O
as O
quantitation O
standards O
. O

The O
results O
confirmed O
the O
specific O
binding O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
to O
CTTCDBC O
, O
CACCGGAC O
, O
and O
CCGARGB O
. O

The O
supernatant O
from O
each O
extraction O
was O
printed O
in O
four O
replicates O
and O
four O
dilutions O
[ O
1 O
: O
2 O
, O
1 O
: O
6 O
, O
1 O
: O
18 O
and O
1 O
: O
54 O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
dilutions O
] O
, O
giving O
a O
total O
of O
48 O
spots O
representing O
each O
developmental O
stage O
for O
each O
solvent O
. O

Samples O
were O
stored O
in O
the O
same O
3 O
: O
1 O
mixture O
of O
ethanol O
: O
acetic O
acid O
. O

To O
map O
the O
product O
of O
IRX9 B-CommonName
during O
SCW B-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
, O
xylan O
distribution O
was O
quanti O
fi O
ed O
in O
Golgi O
and O
TGN O
using O
anti O
- O
xylan O
antibodies O
. O

Polymorphisms O
in O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
( O
CCR B-CommonName
) O
are O
associated O
with O
variation O
in O
micro O
fi O
bril O
angle O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
spp O
. O

A O
role O
in O
stress O
lignin B-Compound
is O
improbable O
, O
as O
neither O
gene O
was O
up O
- O
regulated O
after O
fungal O
infection O
in O
ryegrass B-Species
and O
wheat B-Species
( O
Heath O
et O
al O
. O

Incubations O
without O
primary O
antibodies O
were O
used O
as O
a O
negative O
control O
. O

All O
20 O
, O
286 O
expressed O
genes O
were O
ranked O
solely O
by O
their O
expression O
trajectories O
and O
then O
divided O
into O
9 O
categories O
visualized O
in O
what O
we O
refer O
to O
as O
Punnett O
grids O
( O
PGs O
) O
. O

Control O
samples O
were O
collected O
from O
non O
- O
induced O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
MC9 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
cell O
suspensions O
. O

The O
percentage O
of O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
mannan B-Compound
were O
calculated O
as O
follows O
: O
( O
1 O
) O
Percentage O
of O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
% O
Cryst O
cell O
= O
Content O
of O
Cellulose B-Compound
in O
crystalline O
form O
Total O
content O
of O
Cellulose B-Compound
* O
100 O
( O
2 O
) O
Percentage O
of O
crystalline O
mannan B-Compound
, O
% O
Cryst O
man O
= O
Content O
of O
Mannan B-Compound
in O
crystalline O
form O
Total O
content O
of O
Mannan B-Compound
* O
100 O
Analyses O
were O
performed O
in O
triplicate O
in O
di O
ff O
erent O
batches O
. O

( O
B O
) O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
130 O
vrlk1 O
, O
vrlk1m760 O
and O
vrlk1m780 O
. O

( O
Y O
) O
cesa5KO O
rescued O
with O
PpCESA5pro O
: O
: O
PpCESA5 B-CommonName
showing O
gametophores B-Location
, O
and O
( O
Z O
) O
negative O
control O
cesa5KO O
trans O
- O
formed O
with O
empty O
si3pTH O
vector O
without O
gametophores B-Location
. O

The O
evolution O
of O
nuclear O
auxin B-Compound
signalling O
. O

S13 O
; O
Table O
S5 O
) O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
which O
was O
primarily O
affected O
by O
HS_9 O
. O
1 O
and O
HS_10 O
. O
3 O
( O
Fig O
. O

Tree O
genetic O
engineering O
and O
applica O
- O
tions O
to O
sustainable O
forestry O
and O
biomass O
production O
. O

Lethality O
and O
centrality O
in O
protein O
networks O
. O

The O
organic O
phase O
was O
removed O
to O
a O
new O
tube O
, O
and O
the O
organic O
phase O
was O
evaporated O
in O
a O
constant O
temperature O
oven O
at O
45 O
deg O
C O
. O

Those O
results O
indicated O
that O
zmnst3 B-CommonName
mutants O
are O
sensitive O
to O
drought O
stress O
. O

2E O
is O
a O
detailed O
view O
of O
these O
areas O
in O
a O
section O
stained O
with O
toluidine O
blue O
. O

Asterisks O
indicate O
that O
the O
difference O
between O
the O
control O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
was O
signi O
fi O
cant O
by O
the O
t O
- O
test O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

Hierarchical O
clustering O
of O
genes O
putatively O
re O
- O
lated O
to O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
based O
on O
their O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
samples O
. O

To O
examine O
whether O
such O
a O
function O
is O
conserved O
in O
Populus B-Species
, O
we O
examined O
vessel B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
OXPdWND3A B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Subsequently O
, O
the O
identi O
fi O
ed O
gene O
models O
and O
transcripts O
were O
aligned O
in O
Clustal O
Omega O
with O
default O
parameters O
( O
Sievers O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2011 O
) O
and O
aberrant O
sequences O
were O
removed O
. O

WT O
/ O
RNAi O
stocks O
also O
displayed O
compromised O
stem B-Location
thick B-Process
- I-Process
ening I-Process
in O
comparison O
with O
WT O
/ O
WT O
stocks O
, O
suggesting O
that O
WT O
scions O
could O
only O
partially O
rescue O
the O
thin O
- O
stemmed O
phenotype O
of O
RNAi O
stocks O
. O

Lateral O
leaflets B-Location
have O
been O
removed O
for O
demonstration O
. O

At O
the O
sub O
- O
cellular O
level O
, O
it O
has O
been O
experimentally O
demonstrated O
that O
its O
expression O
was O
restricted O
to O
the O
nucleus O
and O
that O
its O
product O
exhibited O
transcriptional O
activation O
activity O
in O
yeast O
. O

COBRA B-CommonName
genes O
are O
involved O
in O
anisotropic O
cell O
expansion B-Process
by O
modulating O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
microfibril I-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

( O
1996 O
) O
Early O
Genes O
and O
Auxin B-Compound
Action O
. O

Yeast O
transformations O
were O
performed O
using O
the O
lithium O
acetate O
/ O
polyethylene O
glycol O
method O
, O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
10 O
) O
. O

KOR3 B-CommonName
is O
active O
in O
trichome B-Location
support I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
bundle B-Location
sheath I-Location
cells I-Location
within O
the O
leaf B-Location
mesophyll I-Location
tissue I-Location
( O
M O
o O
lh O
o O
j O
et O
al O
. O

Mean O
standard O
deviation O
of O
three O
biological O
replicates O
. O

7G O
) O
as O
evidenced O
by O
thin O
- O
ner O
SCWs B-Compound
, O
displaying O
brighter O
calco O
fl O
uor O
white O
signal O
than O
in O
non O
- O
decapitated O
controls O
( O
compare O
Fig O
. O

Isolation O
and O
analysis O
of O
water O
stress O
induced O
genes O
in O
maize B-Species
. O

We O
observed O
significant O
in O
- O
crease O
of O
resinol O
( O
beta O
- O
beta O
) O
linkages O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Winter O
et O
al O
. O
, O
PLoS O
One O
2 O
, O
e718 O
( O
2007 O
) O
. O

Acta O
Agron O
Sin O
31 O
: O
392 O
- O
394 O
Ramamoorthy O
R O
, O
Jiang O
SY O
, O
Ramachandran O
S O
( O
2011 O
) O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
cytochrome B-CommonName
P450 I-CommonName
family O
member O
OsCYP96B4 B-CommonName
reduces O
plant O
height O
in O
a O
transcript O
dosage O
dependent O
manner O
. O

SA B-Compound
inhibited O
the O
expression O
of O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
the O
direction O
of O
change O
was O
maintained O
highlighting O
the O
accuracy O
of O
the O
data O
obtained O
in O
the O
microarray O
. O

Finally O
, O
to O
ensure O
that O
cells O
were O
completely O
disrupted O
, O
an O
extra O
step O
of O
grinding O
was O
performed O
using O
a O
Retsch O
Mixer O
Mill O
MM400 O
Retsch O
at O
maximum O
frequency O
( O
30 O
Hz O
) O
for O
1 O
min O
with O
a O
13 O
ml O
stainless O
steel O
beaker O
and O
two O
13 O
mm O
steel O
beads O
. O

For O
example O
, O
GhAnx1 B-CommonName
, O
which O
could O
bind O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
in O
vitro O
, O
was O
isolated O
from O
a O
cotton B-Species
( O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
stem B-Location
maturation B-Process
ana O
- O
lysis O
in O
this O
research O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
results O
of O
pre O
- O
vious O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
and O
digestibility O
assays O
in O
Medicago B-Species
stems B-Location
[ O
30 O
] O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
pectin B-CommonName
esterases I-CommonName
, O
and O
lyases B-CommonName
. O

The O
chromosomal O
distributions O
of O
the O
Rbohs B-CommonName
were O
characterized O
on O
the O
basis O
of O
genome O
annotation O
described O
above O
. O

Although O
wak1 B-CommonName
exhibited O
increased O
Al O
sensitivity O
, O
transgenic O
lines O
overexpress O
- O
ing O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
by O
which O
WAK1 B-CommonName
expression O
was O
greatly O
induced O
showed O
increased O
Al O
resistance O
. O

The O
transactivation O
and O
EMSA O
assays O
show O
that O
PtrMYB021 B-CommonName
is O
a O
common O
and O
direct O
target O
of O
all O
six O
full O
- O
size O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
and O
suggest O
that O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
represses O
the O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O

( O
G O
) O
LTF1 B-CommonName
transcript O
levels O
in O
control O
and O
LTF1OE O
transgenic O
lines O
at O
the O
2 O
- O
month O
and O
8 O
- O
month O
stages O
. O

In O
all O
these O
examples O
, O
we O
are O
only O
beginning O
to O
identify O
the O
underlying O
molecular O
factors O
, O
and O
we O
are O
largely O
ignorant O
about O
how O
localized O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
can O
be O
achieved O
. O

dosa00909 O
Sesquiterpenoid B-Compound
and O
triterpenoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
1 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os03t0184550 O
- O
01 O
Os03g0184550 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Dihydroflavonol B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
. O

The O
PCR O
conditions O
consisted O
of O
an O
initial O
denaturation O
at O
95 O
C O
for O
10 O
min O
, O
followed O
by O
40 O
cycles O
of O
denaturation O
at O
95 O
C O
for O
15 O
s O
, O
annealing O
/ O
extension O
at O
58 O
C O
for O
60 O
s O
. O

Six O
new O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
genes O
from O
Eucalyptus B-Species
are O
associated O
with O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

The O
results O
showed O
that O
DCB O
not O
only O
destroys O
the O
microtubule O
cytoskeleton O
, O
but O
also O
prevents O
the O
deposi O
- O
tion O
of O
micro O
fi O
brils O
. O

Note O
that O
edge O
label O
is O
most O
prominent O
in O
epidermal O
cells O
not O
covered O
by O
the O
lateral B-Location
root I-Location
cap I-Location
. O

( O
A O
- O
C O
) O
root B-Location
paraffin O
- O
embedded O
cross O
- O
sections O
stained O
with O
S4B O
. O

For O
each O
of O
these O
families O
, O
dicot O
genes O
with O
a O
speci O
fi O
c O
func O
- O
tion O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
cluster O
in O
clade O
I O
( O
Raes O
et O
al O
. O

It O
is O
possible O
that O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
suppresses O
the O
expression O
of O
these O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
through O
the O
neg O
- O
ative O
regulation O
of O
the O
four O
transcription O
factors O
. O

2016 O
) O
, O
aligning O
sequences O
by O
MUSCLE O
( O
Edgar O
2004 O
) O
and O
testing O
phylogeny O
by O
the O
bootstrap O
method O
( O
1000 O
replications O
) O
. O

E O
ffi O
cient O
processing O
of O
primary O
microRNA O
hairpins O
by O
Drosha O
requires O
fl O
anking O
nonstructured O
RNA O
sequences O
. O

plantsci O
. O
2014 O
. O
09 O
. O
009 O
Conflict O
of O
Interest O
: O
The O
authors O
declare O
that O
the O
research O
was O
conducted O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
any O
commercial O
or O
financial O
relationships O
that O
could O
be O
construed O
as O
a O
potential O
conflict O
of O
interest O
. O

Acetyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
produced O
in O
the O
peroxisomes O
can O
either O
exit O
the O
peroxisomes O
and O
enter O
the O
TCA O
cycle O
as O
citrate B-Compound
or O
enter O
the O
glyoxylate B-Compound
pathway O
Table O
1 O
Mapped O
module O
eigengene O
quantitative O
trait O
loci O
( O
meQTLs O
) O
from O
co O
- O
expression O
analysis O
in O
xylogenic O
tissues O
of O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

Represented O
is O
the O
expression O
pro O
fi O
le O
of O
91 O
proteins O
analyzed O
on O
48 O
samples O
. O

When O
mum2 B-CommonName
extrusion B-Process
was O
partially O
complemented O
with O
BGAL11 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
( O
Fig O
. O

Desalted O
6xHis O
- O
CMU B-CommonName
was O
concentrated O
using O
Macrosep O
( O
r O
) O
Advance O
Centrifugal O
Devices O
( O
Pall O
Corporation O
, O
USA O
) O
with O
a O
30 O
kDa O
molecular O
cut O
- O
off O
. O

= O
gymnosperm O
clade O
) O
; O
in O
parentheses O
, O
the O
accession O
number O
is O
given O
: O
those O
in O
XX0G0000 O
format O
were O
retrieved O
from O
Plaza O
2 O
. O
5 O
, O
the O
others O
from O
Genbank O
. O

Sequence O
alignment O
of O
PtACT41 B-CommonName
with O
other O
hydroxycinnamoyltransferases B-CommonName
responsible O
for O
synthesizing O
aromatics B-Compound
of O
suberin B-Compound
, O
cutin B-Compound
, O
and O
associated O
waxes B-Compound
. O

The O
stained O
pollen B-Location
grains I-Location
were O
visualized O
under O
UV O
illumination O
. O

Primers O
used O
are O
listed O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
10 O
. O

A O
HD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ZIP I-CommonName
III I-CommonName
gene O
, O
PtrHB4 B-CommonName
, O
is O
required O
for O
interfascicular B-Location
cambium I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

The O
second O
evidence O
is O
that O
ANAC012 B-CommonName
( O
At1g32770 O
) O
, O
another O
gene O
listed O
as O
coregulated O
with O
AtERF38 B-CommonName
, O
has O
recently O
been O
shown O
to O
negatively O
regulate O
xylary B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thali I-Species
- I-Species
ana I-Species
[ O
19 O
] O
. O

The O
promoter O
: O
: O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
chimeric O
constructs O
were O
transformed O
into O
plants O
homozy O
- O
gous O
for O
the O
mum2 B-CommonName
mutation O
and O
seeds B-Location
from O
the O
resulting O
transgenic O
plants O
were O
examined O
for O
their O
ability O
to O
extrude O
mucilage B-Compound
. O

Increased O
extractability O
of O
pectic O
backbone O
epitopes O
is O
one O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
features O
previously O
shown O
in O
response O
to O
abiotic O
stresses O
such O
as O
low O
soil O
moisture O
availability O
in O
stem B-Location
wood B-Compound
( O
54 O
) O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
, O
NST1 B-CommonName
and O
NST3 B-CommonName
, O
are O
key O
regulators O
of O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
woody O
tissues O
of O
arabidopsis B-Species
. O

This O
result O
indicates O
that O
the O
mutation O
in O
CWA1 B-CommonName
is O
allelic O
to O
BC1 B-CommonName
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathways O
were O
produced O
manually O
as O
described O
by O
Huang O
et O
al O
. O

In O
this O
way O
, O
LSD1 B-CommonName
, O
EDS1 B-CommonName
and O
PAD4 B-CommonName
are O
the O
putative O
regulators O
of O
a O
broad O
spectrum O
of O
other O
genes O
involved O
in O
various O
signalling O
pathways O
and O
metabolic O
rearrangements O
during O
abiotic O
and O
biotic O
stress O
responses O
( O
Karpin O
' O
ski O
et O
al O
. O

Guerriero O
G O
, O
Sergeant O
K O
, O
Hausman O
J O
- O
F O
. O

Phylogenetic O
relationships O
of O
WRKY B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

Puijalon O
S O
, O
Bornette O
G O
( O
2006 O
) O
Phenotypic O
plasticity O
and O
mechanical O
stress O
: O
biomass O
partitioning O
and O
clonal O
growth B-Process
of O
an O
aquatic O
plant O
species O
. O

Colocalization O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
: O
mCherry O
and O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
marker O
( O
Fig O
. O

S11A O
) O
, O
me O
- O
chanical O
manipulation O
was O
necessary O
to O
obtain O
seeds O
from O
these O
crossed O
plants O
. O

Thus O
, O
we O
performed O
fluorescence O
recovery O
after O
photobleaching O
( O
FRAP O
) O
experiments O
for O
ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
OX O
and O
complemented O
PTs O
to O
analyze O
exocytosis B-Process
dynamics O
in O
growing O
PTs O
as O
described O
previously O
[ O
31 O
, O
32 O
] O
. O

Acknowledgements O
We O
thank O
Mark O
Estelle O
, O
Jos O
e O
M O
. O

The O
selected O
condi O
- O
tions O
reported O
transcript O
changes O
in O
plants O
challenged O
by O
a O
spec O
- O
trum O
of O
abiotic O
and O
biotic O
stresses O
and O
chemical O
treatments O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
very O
little O
is O
known O
about O
the O
formation B-Process
and O
distribution O
of O
larch B-Species
extractives O
within O
the O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
at O
the O
cell O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
level O
. O

We O
examined O
the O
roles O
of O
both O
upstream O
and O
downstream O
elements O
in O
regulating O
the O
expression O
of O
two O
genes O
with O
preferential O
expression O
in O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
loblolly B-Species
pine I-Species
. O

Functional O
annotation O
and O
classi O
fi O
cation O
The O
reads O
of O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
in O
different O
cultivation O
phases O
( O
7Y O
, O
15Y O
and O
21Y O
) O
were O
assembled O
, O
and O
several O
complementary O
approaches O
were O
utilized O
to O
annotate O
the O
assembled O
sequences O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
they O
also O
cause O
confusion O
in O
the O
terminology O
and O
in O
the O
definition O
of O
PCD B-Process
types O
not O
covered O
by O
the O
recommended O
major O
categories O
, O
which O
especially O
applies O
to O
the O
various O
forms O
of O
intermediate O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
morphology O
. O

Amplicons O
of O
all O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
were O
run O
on O
a O
high O
- O
resolution O
gel O
to O
confirm O
there O
was O
only O
one O
product O
, O
and O
then O
sequenced O
to O
determine O
primer O
specificity O
before O
use O
in O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
. O

This O
basic O
framework O
for O
the O
regulation O
of O
plant O
responses O
to O
adverse O
conditions O
has O
been O
established O
mainly O
from O
studies O
on O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

We O
also O
show O
that O
GA B-Compound
has O
an O
antagonistic O
effect O
on O
root B-Location
initiation B-Process
, O
as O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
showed O
poorer O
rooting O
than O
the O
control O
plants O
when O
pot O
- O
ted O
in O
soil O
. O

Hence O
, O
reduced O
deposition B-Process
and O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
lignocellulose B-Compound
composition O
in O
plants O
by O
genetic O
engineering O
has O
long O
been O
attempted O
by O
many O
researchers O
. O

Western O
analysis O
was O
performed O
using O
anti O
- O
His O
antibodies O
and O
detected O
by O
chemiluminescence O
. O

2012 O
) O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
] O
; O
eight O
VNS B-CommonName
genes O
( O
VNS01 B-CommonName
- O
VNS08 B-CommonName
) O
are O
members O
of O
the O
VND B-CommonName
subfamily O
including O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Moreover O
, O
the O
composition O
of O
monosaccharides O
in O
both O
organs O
is O
also O
very O
similar O
. O

thaliana I-Species
COMT1 B-CommonName
implicated O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
is O
written O
in O
bold O
. O

Pectin B-Compound
polysaccharides O
, O
which O
is O
reported O
to O
be O
synthesized O
by O
large O
protein O
complex O
, O
are O
one O
of O
the O
major O
components O
of O
the O
cell O
plate O
formed O
dur O
- O
ing O
cell O
proliferation B-Process
( O
Staehelin O
and O
Moore O
1995 O
; O
Atmodjo O
et O
al O
. O

Transcriptomic O
analysis O
of O
wound O
xylem B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
Pinus B-Species
canariensis I-Species
. O

virgatum O
sequence O
data O
were O
produced O
by O
the O
US O
Department O
of O
Energy O
Joint O
Genome O
Institute O
. O

They O
belong O
mostly O
to O
the O
fl B-Compound
avonoid I-Compound
, O
coumarin B-Compound
and O
terpen B-Compound
categories O
, O
but O
also O
to O
lipid B-Compound
and O
amino O
acid O
derivatives O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
both O
DN O
and O
OE O
plants O
showed O
increased O
sterility O
. O

[ O
Correction O
added O
on O
19th O
March O
2015 O
, O
after O
fi O
rst O
online O
publication O
: O
typographical O
errors O
in O
substrate O
names O
corrected O
in O
Fig O
. O

No O
adverse O
effects O
on O
the O
tissue O
or O
the O
spectra O
were O
observed O
for O
any O
of O
the O
exposure O
times O
tested O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
MeGlcA B-Compound
side O
residues O
on O
GX B-Compound
polymers O
are O
reported O
to O
be O
able O
to O
interact O
with O
lignin B-Compound
through O
covalent O
ester O
linkages O
( O
Takahashi O
and O
Koshijima O
, O
1988 O
) O
. O

Stone B-Location
cell I-Location
distribution O
and O
lignin B-Compound
structure O
in O
various O
pear B-Species
varieties O
. O

Availability O
of O
the O
genome O
sequence O
is O
a O
useful O
resource O
that O
enables O
us O
to O
compare O
coniferous O
laccase B-CommonName
and O
peroxidase B-CommonName
genes O
with O
those O
of O
angiosperms O
shown O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
; O
also O
, O
the O
co O
- O
expression O
pattern O
of O
laccases B-CommonName
and O
peroxidases B-CommonName
with O
other O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
will O
enable O
us O
to O
select O
the O
genes O
of O
primary O
interest O
for O
further O
studies O
. O

( O
C O
) O
idealised O
cases O
with O
FA O
of O
0 O
( O
fully O
isotropic O
) O
and O
1 O
( O
fully O
anisotropic O
) O
as O
shown O
in O
( O
B O
) O
; O
( O
D O
) O
cases O
with O
FA O
corresponding O
to O
experimentally O
determined O
CMT B-Compound
orientation B-Process
, O
with O
FA O
= O
0 O
. O
08 O
corresponding O
to O
the O
isotropic O
and O
FA O
= O
0 O
. O
2 O
corresponding O
to O
the O
anisotropic O
case O
. O

Scale O
bar O
5 O
50 O
mm O
in O
white O
color O
, O
250 O
mm O
in O
black O
color O
. O

Isoelectric O
focusing O
and O
SDS O
- O
PAGE O
The O
puri O
fi O
ed O
culture O
medium O
laccase B-CommonName
was O
run O
in O
an O
IEF O
gel O
as O
described O
in O
Koutaniemi O
et O
al O
. O

Vascular B-Location
regeneration B-Process
was O
stopped O
in O
chc2 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
XVE O
> O
> O
AUXILIN B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
LIKE2 I-CommonName
mutants O
( O
0 O
% O
of O
analyzed O
plants O
in O
comparison O
to O
control O
regenerated O
) O
. O

In O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
overexpression O
transgenic O
seedlings O
, O
the O
number O
of O
cortical B-Location
cells I-Location
did O
not O
change O
, O
but O
the O
average O
cell O
length O
increased O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
( O
Figures O
2E O
and O
2F O
) O
. O

Fifty O
- O
fi O
ve O
SNPs O
were O
found O
in O
exons O
; O
of O
these O
, O
eight O
led O
to O
nonsynonymous O
changes O
and O
the O
other O
47 O
SNPs O
were O
synon O
- O
ymous O
mutations O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

AtNMD3 B-CommonName
Interacts O
with O
60S O
Ribosomal O
Subunits O
and O
Affects O
Their O
Nuclear O
/ O
Cytoplasmic O
Distribution O
In O
yeast B-Species
, O
the O
interaction O
between O
NMD3 B-CommonName
and O
the O
ribosomal O
protein O
RPL10 B-CommonName
has O
been O
reported O
to O
be O
required O
for O
release O
of O
NMD3 B-CommonName
from O
the O
ribosome O
in O
the O
cytoplasm O
[ O
38 O
- O
41 O
] O
. O

Journal O
of O
Plant O
Growth O
Regulation O
19 O
, O
306 O
- O
313 O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
104 O
: O
4759 O
- O
4764 O
. O

The O
total O
area O
of O
those O
regions O
was O
put O
in O
relation O
to O
the O
size O
of O
the O
investigated O
cell O
and O
termed O
' O
microtubule O
coverage O
' O
. O

Additionally O
, O
miR167 B-CommonName
is O
essential O
for O
both O
ovule B-Location
and O
anther B-Location
development B-Process
by O
regulating O
the O
expression O
patterns O
of O
ARF6 B-CommonName
and O
ARF8 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Wu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
OsGT47A B-CommonName
has O
a O
similar O
function O
to O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX10 B-CommonName
gene O
. O

( O
C O
- O
E O
) O
Plant O
height O
( O
C O
) O
, O
diameter O
( O
D O
) O
, O
and O
internode B-Location
length O
( O
E O
) O
of O
the O
transgenics O
and O
control O
plants O
. O

Transcriptomic O
analysis O
of O
Chinese B-Species
bayberry I-Species
( O
Myrica B-Species
rubra I-Species
) O
fruit B-Location
development B-Process
and O
ripening O
using O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
. O

Other O
genes O
with O
amino O
acid O
substitutions O
in O
the O
processive O
GT2s B-CommonName
motif O
have O
been O
classified O
as O
CESAs B-CommonName
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

In O
higher O
plants O
, O
CMFs O
are O
synthesised O
by O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
embedded O
in O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

The O
detection O
of O
senes B-Process
- I-Process
cence I-Process
related O
genes O
for O
wood B-Compound
density O
related O
phenotypes O
for O
both O
the O
slope O
and O
b O
2 O
latent O
trait O
( O
MA_33109_11804 O
) O
could O
indicate O
a O
possible O
relationship O
between O
the O
genes O
Figure O
4 O
. O

These O
data O
suggest O
that O
IQD13 B-CommonName
can O
alter O
the O
planar O
shape O
of O
active O
ROP O
domains O
fromround O
tonarrowaccordingtoitsexpressionlevels O
( O
Figure4C O
) O
. O

This O
result O
indicated O
that O
the O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
compound O
middle O
lamella O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
is O
more O
than O
three O
times O
denser O
than O
that O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Third O
, O
the O
majority O
of O
recovered O
FLcDNAs O
corresponded O
to O
poplar B-Species
genes O
with O
high O
native O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
washing O
step O
was O
performed O
three O
times O
. O

Plant O
J O
51 O
: O
1116 O
- O
1125 O
Turner O
S O
, O
Gallois O
P O
, O
Brown O
D O
( O
2007 O
) O
Tracheary B-Location
element I-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

The O
evolutionary O
implications O
of O
these O
associations O
remain O
to O
be O
explored O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
- O
associated O
CCR B-CommonName
clades O
in O
monocots O
Monocot O
functional O
clade O
I O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
prepared O
lignins B-Compound
were O
further O
acetylated O
and O
then O
analysed O
by O
HPLC O
. O

The O
evolutionary O
history O
was O
inferred O
using O
the O
neighbor O
- O
joining O
method O
. O

This O
algorithm O
takes O
simi O
- O
larity O
of O
amino O
acids O
into O
account O
and O
down O
- O
weights O
similar O
( O
redundant O
) O
sequences O
. O

Alternatively O
, O
anisotropic B-Process
growth I-Process
in O
older O
roots B-Location
may O
be O
aided O
by O
the O
overlying O
lateral B-Location
root I-Location
cap I-Location
which O
could O
mechanically O
resist O
radial O
and O
circumferential O
( O
transverse O
) O
growth B-Process
, O
favouring O
longitudinal B-Process
growth I-Process
. O

( O
B O
) O
Densities O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSCs O
were O
measured O
as O
above O
. O

In O
order O
to O
confirm O
the O
essential O
role O
of O
tip O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
influx O
in O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
elongation B-Process
, O
an O
ovule O
culture O
assay O
was O
Fig O
. O

Many O
studies O
have O
reported O
the O
important O
functions O
of O
miRNAs O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

More O
than O
300 O
cells O
were O
counted O
for O
each O
time O
point O
. O

Similar O
investigations O
were O
lacking O
for O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
phase O
of O
trichome B-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

Values O
are O
the O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
of O
three O
independent O
biological O
replicas O
measured O
in O
triplicate O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
A O
B O
Fig O
. O

The O
remaining O
residue O
was O
hydrolyzed O
by O
175 O
mu O
l O
of O
72 O
% O
sulfuric O
acid O
at O
room O
tem O
- O
perature O
for O
60 O
min O
. O

The O
results O
indicated O
that O
C O
- O
terminal O
domains O
have O
the O
transcriptional O
activity O
( O
Fig O
. O

An O
unusual O
xylan B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
is O
synthesised O
by O
GUX3 B-CommonName
, O
IRX9L B-CommonName
, O
IRX10L B-CommonName
and O
IRX14 B-CommonName
. O

The O
main O
structural O
units O
24 O
are O
colored O
to O
coincide O
with O
their O
structures O
at O
the O
bottom O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Subcellular O
localization O
of O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
in O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
of O
65 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
inflorescence B-Location
stem I-Location
. O

( O
B O
) O
Expression O
of O
the O
95 O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
fusion O
protein O
and O
localization O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
of O
tobacco O
96 O
leaf O
epidermal O
cells O
. O

Quantitative O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
For O
quantitative O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
analysis O
, O
approximately O
100 O
ng O
cDNA O
were O
used O
as O
template O
. O

glumaepatula O
( O
14 O
) O
were O
recently O
cloned O
, O
aiding O
in O
our O
understanding O
of O
the O
bio O
- O
logical O
processes O
of O
hybrid O
sterility O
in O
rice B-Species
species O
. O

e O
The O
additive O
effect O
was O
calculated O
as O
a O
= O
p O
B O
( O
G O
BB O
) O
+ O
p O
b O
( O
G O
Bb O
) O
2 O
G O
, O
where O
G O
is O
the O
overall O
trait O
mean O
, O
G O
ij O
is O
the O
trait O
mean O
in O
the O
ij O
th O
genotypic O
class O
, O
and O
p O
i O
is O
the O
frequency O
of O
the O
i O
th O
marker O
allele O
. O

Histochemical O
analyses O
revealed O
that O
the O
EgMYB137 B-CommonName
promoter O
drives O
GUS O
activity O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
cylinder I-Location
of O
young O
roots B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Hence O
the O
CSI1 B-CommonName
/ O
POM2 B-CommonName
proteins O
, O
which O
are O
associated O
with O
the O
tracking O
CSCs O
, O
interact O
with O
microtubules O
and O
cause O
displacement O
of O
them O
in O
the O
cmu1cmu2 O
mutant O
. O

( O
A O
- O
F O
) O
Stem B-Location
paraffin O
- O
embedded O
cross O
sections O
stained O
with O
Pontamine O
fast O
scarlet O
4B O
( O
S4B O
) O
. O

141 O
, O
2011 O
PC1 O
PC2 O
Wavenumber O
( O
cm O
- O
1 O
) O
1000 O
1200 O
1400 O
1600 O
1800 O
Absorbance O
a O
b O
c O
d O
A O
Difference O
a O
b O
c O
d O
B O
C O
0 O
Fig O
. O

Northern O
- O
blot O
analysis O
showed O
that O
the O
annexin B-CommonName
gene O
was O
highly O
expressed O
in O
the O
elongation B-Process
stages O
of O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
differentiation B-Process
, O
sug O
- O
gesting O
a O
role O
of O
this O
annexin B-CommonName
in O
cell O
elongation B-Process
( O
Shin O
and O
Brown O
1999 O
) O
. O

Finally O
, O
we O
made O
the O
unexpected O
observation O
that O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
the O
pith B-Location
of O
cotton B-Species
stems B-Location
contained O
lignin B-Compound
and O
had O
a O
higher O
S O
: O
G O
ratio O
than O
in O
xylem B-Location
, O
despite O
that O
tissue O
' O
s O
lacking O
many O
of O
the O
gene O
transcripts O
normally O
associated O
with O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Silencing O
of O
homologous O
genes O
of O
EuCaNs B-CommonName
in O
Nicotiana B-Species
benthamiana I-Species
. O

The O
progressive O
change O
in O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
newly O
deposited O
MFs O
on O
the O
primary O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
layers O
of O
tracheids B-Location
was O
detected O
by O
field O
- O
emission O
- O
scanning O
electron O
microscopy O
. O

Ph O
, O
phloem B-Location
; O
Pf O
, O
phloem B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
; O
Xy O
, O
xylem B-Location
. O

J O
Plant O
Physiol O
170 O
: O
1374 O
- O
1378 O
Ko O
JH O
, O
Kim O
WC O
, O
Han O
KH O
( O
2009 O
) O
Ectopic O
expression O
of O
MYB46 B-CommonName
identi O
fi O
es O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
genes O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Under O
the O
UV O
light O
, O
lignified O
cells O
showed O
a O
blue O
color O
and O
cells O
with O
chlorophyll B-Compound
showed O
a O
red O
color O
due O
to O
auto O
- O
fluorescence O
. O

The O
VND7 B-CommonName
glucocorticoid O
induction O
line O
is O
described O
in O
ref O
. O

A O
MALDI O
peptide O
mass O
spectrum O
was O
acquired O
using O
the O
AB O
Sciex O
5800 O
TOF O
/ O
TOF O
( O
AB O
Sciex O
) O
, O
and O
the O
10 O
most O
abundant O
peaks O
, O
excluding O
known O
contaminants O
, O
were O
automatically O
selected O
and O
fragmented O
. O

Mutants O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
used O
in O
this O
study O
are O
listed O
in O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Table O
S1 O
. O

For O
this O
study O
, O
our O
major O
goals O
were O
to O
discover O
novel O
poplar B-Species
wood B-Compound
- O
associated O
PPIs O
and O
PDIs O
and O
to O
identify O
connected O
networks O
that O
included O
genes O
/ O
proteins O
known O
to O
be O
involved O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
thereby O
facilitating O
new O
hypotheses O
and O
strategies O
for O
perturbing O
networks O
to O
manipulate O
wood B-Compound
traits O
. O

Hence O
, O
isoxaben O
might O
be O
used O
to O
perturb O
PCW B-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
while O
maintaining O
SCW B-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
intact O
. O

Plants O
were O
cultivated O
under O
continuous O
light O
( O
135 O
mu O
mol O
/ O
m O
2 O
s O
) O
. O

Table O
S1 O
Primer O
sequences O
used O
in O
this O
study O
. O

6A O
- O
6X O
) O
except O
that O
GhRbohBD B-CommonName
and O
GhRbohK B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1D I-CommonName
were O
highly O
expressed O
in O
roots B-Location
( O
Figs O
. O

Then O
, O
an O
expansion B-Process
phase O
follows O
until O
the O
maturation B-Process
stage O
( O
Dong O
et O
al O
. O

Data O
for O
growth O
velocity O
and O
shrinkage O
velocity O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
> O
70 O
microtubules O
from O
> O
4 O
cells O
) O
. O

Wu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
Allelic O
variation O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
candidate O
genes O
affecting O
solid O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
association O
populations O
and O
land O
races O
of O
Pinus B-Species
radiata I-Species
. O

After O
removing O
sequences O
lacking O
the O
functional O
domain O
using O
InterProScan O
and O
SMART O
, O
a O
total O
of O
23 O
genes O
encoding O
putative O
COMT B-CommonName
proteins O
were O
identified O
and O
named O
as O
CbuCOMT1 B-CommonName
to O
CbuCOMT23 B-CommonName
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

2009 O
; O
Tobias O
and O
Chow O
2005 O
; O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

Proteome O
profiling O
of O
early O
seed B-Location
development B-Process
in O
Cunninghamia B-Species
lanceolata I-Species
( O
Lamb O
. O
) O
Hook O
. O

Scale O
bar O
= O
200 O
mu O
m O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Fast O
and O
sensitive O
protein O
alignment O
using O
DIAMOND O
. O

f O
Stem B-Location
of O
the O
PtrCe O
- O
sA7A O
- O
suppressed O
plants O
is O
easier O
to O
break O
, O
Bar O
2 O
cm O
. O

The O
G O
- O
layers O
were O
stained O
black O
with O
Chlorazol O
black O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
clade O
I O
, O
two O
paralogues O
are O
present O
for O
each O
Pooideae B-Species
species O
, O
except O
Brachypodium B-Species
, O
while O
the O
other O
species O
only O
contain O
one O
paralogue O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
the O
wild O
type O
, O
flowers B-Location
at O
stage O
14 O
had O
sta B-Location
- I-Location
mens I-Location
that O
extended O
above O
the O
stigma B-Location
to O
release O
pollen B-Location
grains I-Location
for O
pollination B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

SWAM1 B-CommonName
is O
highly O
expressed O
in O
stem B-Location
. O

Expression O
pattern O
of O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
in O
banana B-Species
. O

At O
this O
stage O
, O
it O
is O
expected O
that O
most O
of O
the O
cells O
have O
sensed O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
perturbations O
caused O
by O
inhibition O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
that O
this O
has O
in O
turn O
activated O
the O
expression O
of O
genes O
required O
to O
respond O
to O
these O
perturbations O
, O
including O
genes O
involved O
in O
maintaining O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
and O
cell O
survival O
as O
well O
as O
genes O
that O
are O
preparing O
the O
cells O
for O
PCD B-Process
. O

73 O
74 O
75 O
76 O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
Degree O
Degree O
Number O
of O
nodes O
Number O
of O
nodes O
n O
= O
899 O
k O
= O
3 O
. O
59 O
n O
= O
6 O
, O
347 O
k O
= O
4 O
. O
34 O
Table O
S1 O
. O

XVP B-CommonName
has O
a O
functional O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
that O
potentially O
enables O
its O
translocation O
from O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
to O
the O
nucleus O
. O

Results O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
is O
highly O
expressed O
during O
fiber B-Location
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
stage O
and O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
a O
large O
number O
of O
fiber B-Location
SCW B-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
. O

Graphic O
representation O
of O
the O
promoters O
of O
PtrMYB021 B-CommonName
and O
PtrMYB074 B-CommonName
- O
targeted O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
analyzed O
by O
ChIP O
- O
PCR O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
heterolo O
- O
gous O
expression O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
in O
an O
atwrky12 B-CommonName
mutant O
rescued O
the O
mutated O
phenotype O
resulting O
from O
the O
defect O
of O
AtWRKY12 B-CommonName
. O

Such O
variation O
might O
enable O
them O
to O
interact O
with O
different O
partners O
. O

This O
line O
also O
showed O
ectopic O
cambial O
activity O
, O
thus O
further O
highlighting O
the O
central O
roles O
of O
WOX4 B-CommonName
and O
PTL B-CommonName
in O
cambium B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Genes O
with O
expression O
levels O
significantly O
chan O
- O
ged O
between O
the O
control O
( O
Internode O
2 O
) O
and O
the O
other O
four O
older O
internodes O
were O
identified O
using O
associative O
analysis O
[ O
31 O
] O
. O

Tree O
Physiology O
Volume O
38 O
, O
2018 O
366 O
Petzold O
et O
al O
. O

This O
comparison O
con O
fi O
rmed O
that O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
processes O
predominate O
in O
trichome B-Location
differ B-Process
- I-Process
entiation I-Process
. O

Texas O
Marker O
1 O
, O
a O
genetic O
and O
cytogenetic O
standard O
for O
domesti O
- O
cated O
elite O
cotton B-Species
. O

Again O
, O
the O
fi O
rst O
dimension O
of O
the O
PCA O
( O
31 O
. O
95 O
% O
) O
allowed O
separation O
of O
the O
plants O
cultivated O
in O
Cu1 O
from O
those O
cultivated O
in O
Cu4 O
. O

Wiley O
Publishing O
Agencies O
, O
New O
York O
Hoopes O
JT O
, O
Dean O
JFD O
( O
2004 O
) O
Ferroxidase B-CommonName
activity O
in O
a O
laccase B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
multicopper I-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
from O
Liriodendron B-Species
tulipifera I-Species
. O

Library O
transformation O
efficiency O
is O
above O
2 O
. O
11X106 O
transformants O
per O
3ug O
pGADT7 O
- O
Rec O
. O

Overex O
- O
pressing O
OsAP25 B-CommonName
or O
OsAP37 B-CommonName
induced O
extensive O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
or O
premature O
death O
in O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
tapetum B-Location
[ O
24 O
] O
. O

Ho O
JH O
, O
Kallstrom O
G O
, O
Johnson O
AW O
( O
2000 O
) O
Nmd3p B-CommonName
is O
a O
Crm1p B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
adapter O
protein O
for O
nuclear O
export O
of O
the O
large O
ribosomal O
subunit O
. O

The O
mutant O
stems B-Location
are O
much O
thinner O
, O
with O
exces O
- O
sive O
pigment O
accumulation B-Process
in O
the O
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

2003 O
) O
to O
support O
the O
expansion B-Process
of O
the O
fruit B-Location
, O
by O
disrupting O
non O
- O
covalent O
interactions O
between O
hemicellulose B-Compound
and O
cel B-Compound
- I-Compound
lulose I-Compound
micro O
fi O
brils O
( O
Rose O
et O
al O
. O

Similar O
increases O
in O
Golgi O
size O
have O
been O
ob O
- O
served O
in O
the O
transition B-Process
from O
root B-Location
meristem B-Location
to O
columella B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Staehelin O
et O
al O
. O
, O
1990 O
) O
. O

sft B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
and O
SFT B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
vs O
. O

After O
QTL O
for O
individual O
trees O
have O
been O
detected O
in O
relatively O
large O
experiments O
, O
the O
number O
of O
markers O
genotyped O
in O
subsequent O
genera O
- O
tions O
derived O
from O
those O
trees O
could O
be O
reduced O
as O
only O
those O
particular O
marker O
segments O
containing O
the O
QTL O
of O
interest O
would O
be O
tracked O
. O

Hypocotyl B-Location
and O
Root B-Location
Length O
Morphology O
Analysis O
Images O
of O
5 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
seedlings O
were O
recorded O
using O
an O
Epson O
Perfection O
4990 O
photo O
scanner O
. O

The O
pRLP44 O
- O
GFP O
- O
GUS O
lines O
were O
created O
using O
primers O
RLP44prom_GW_L O
and O
RLP44prom_GW_R O
and O
destination O
vector O
pKGWFS7 O
( O
2 O
) O
. O

h O
Visual O
phenotype O
and O
transverse O
stem B-Location
sections O
( O
UV O
- O
auto O
fl O
uorescence O
and O
M O
a O
ule O
staining O
) O
of O
cse2 B-CommonName
/ O
C3H B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
lines O
and O
cse2 B-CommonName
controls O
. O

Materials O
and O
Methods O
Plant O
Material O
. O

Genetics O
and O
evolution O
of O
MIXTA B-CommonName
genes O
regulating O
cotton B-Species
lint O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
. O

Carpita O
NC O
, O
Delmer O
DP O
( O
1981 O
) O
Concentration O
and O
metabolic O
turnover O
of O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
in O
developing O
cotton B-Species
fibers B-Location
. O

Therefore O
, O
our O
results O
identify O
a O
role O
of O
BRI1 B-CommonName
in O
root B-Location
development B-Process
that O
is O
independent O
of O
its O
role O
as O
a O
BR B-Compound
receptor O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
some O
NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
have O
been O
identified O
as O
key O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

This O
cellular O
and O
molecular O
evidence O
suggests O
that O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
promotes O
cell O
elongation B-Process
and O
restrains O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
. O

How O
this O
coordination O
precisely O
works O
is O
unknown O
. O

In O
con O
- O
trast O
, O
F5H1 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
the O
former O
line O
was O
apparently O
lower O
than O
in O
the O
latter O
( O
ratio O
of O
the O
expression O
level O
in O
# O
8 O
to O
that O
in O
# O
11 O
= O
0 O
. O
74 O
) O
. O

Hypocotyls B-Location
were O
fixed O
in O
4 O
% O
paraformaldehyde O
, O
processed O
for O
paraffin O
embedding O
and O
sectioned O
as O
described O
above O
. O

S2A O
) O
was O
extracted O
from O
leaves B-Location
and O
stalks B-Location
with O
the O
Get O
Pure O
RNA O
Kit O
( O
Dojindo O
) O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
146 O
( O
2020 O
) O
303 O
- O
314 O
313 O
33 O
, O
531 O
- O
537 O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Three O
Arabidopsis B-Species
DUF579 B-CommonName
domain O
- O
containing O
GXM B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
methyltransferases O
catalyzing O
4 B-Process
- I-Process
O I-Process
- I-Process
methylation I-Process
of O
glucuronic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
on O
xylan B-Compound
. O

Based O
on O
this O
developmental O
stage O
, O
their O
radial O
position O
( O
the O
most O
internal O
layer O
of O
the O
cortex B-Location
, O
adjacent O
to O
the O
phloem B-Location
) O
and O
their O
fi O
nal O
death B-Process
, O
they O
may O
correspond O
to O
endodermal B-Location
cells I-Location
that O
become O
scleri O
fi O
ed O
. O

An O
accelerated O
vascular B-Location
maturation B-Process
meets O
the O
anticipated O
needs O
of O
the O
commencing O
re O
- O
productive O
phase O
for O
mechanical O
support O
and O
altered O
redistribu O
- O
tion O
of O
resources O
and O
signals O
. O

Curr O
Opin O
Plant O
Biol O
13 O
, O
670 O
- O
676 O
, O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
doi O
. O

Increase O
in O
sugar O
release O
is O
a O
highly O
desired O
property O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
for O
ef O
fi O
cient O
bioethanol O
production O
. O

2A O
) O
that O
is O
located O
in O
the O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
but O
not O
in O
the O
embryo B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

4a O
) O
, O
nine O
of O
which O
had O
expres O
- O
sion O
ratios O
greater O
than O
2 O
. O

The O
highest O
content O
of O
the O
G O
form O
( O
53 O
% O
) O
was O
observed O
in O
stems B-Location
at O
the O
initial O
stage O
( O
PS1 O
) O
of O
xylogenesis B-Process
. O

2011 O
) O
, O
shoots B-Location
( O
M O
e O
ndez O
- O
Bravo O
et O
al O
. O

c O
, O
ConA B-Compound
binding O
at O
the O
substrate O
pocket O
. O

The O
RPKM O
measure O
of O
read O
density O
reflects O
the O
molar O
concentration O
of O
a O
transcript O
for O
RNA O
length O
and O
for O
the O
total O
read O
number O
in O
the O
measurement O
. O

NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
contain O
a O
highly O
conserved O
protein O
dimerization O
domain O
( O
26 O
) O
. O

0 O
2 O
4 O
6 O
8 O
10 O
12 O
GUS O
acitivity O
[ O
( O
pmol O
4 O
- O
MU O
/ O
min O
) O
/ O
u O
g O
protein O
] O
P O
CaMV35S O
: O
: O
GUS O
Fig O
. O

Figures O
1A O
- O
1C O
show O
that O
hypocotyls B-Location
of O
etiolated O
cc1cc2 B-CommonName
displayed O
cell O
swelling B-Process
and O
elongation B-Process
defects O
3 O
days O
after O
transfer O
to O
salt O
containing O
plates O
( O
75 O
and O
100 O
mM O
NaCl O
) O
. O

3 O
Xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
' O
84K O
' O
is O
perturbed O
by O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
overexpression O
and O
co O
- O
suppression O
. O

The O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
gene O
superfamily O
and O
biochemical O
func O
- O
tions O
of O
xylem B-Location
- O
specific O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
genes O
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

This O
allowed O
discrimin O
- O
ation O
of O
51 O
proteins O
which O
were O
differentially O
expressed O
in O
response O
to O
the O
treatment O
in O
the O
apical O
part O
, O
35 O
in O
the O
basal O
part O
and O
91 O
proteins O
which O
followed O
a O
differential O
accumulation B-Process
according O
to O
the O
' O
treatment O
' O
effect O
of O
the O
global O
analysis O
of O
variance O
( O
ANOVA O
) O
. O

( O
a O
) O
The O
lignins B-Compound
extracted O
from O
the O
ball O
- O
milled O
woods B-Compound
of O
control O
and O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
- O
0 O
transgenic O
plants O
( O
referred O
to O
as O
MWL O
) O
. O

RNAi O
- O
mediated O
down O
- O
regulation O
of O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
inhibited O
fiber B-Location
elongation B-Process
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
, O
resulting O
in O
shorter O
and O
thinner O
mature B-Location
fibers I-Location
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Their O
speci O
fi O
c O
functions O
during O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
are O
not O
clear O
, O
but O
putative O
roles O
in O
secretion O
and O
resorption O
of O
sugars O
, O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
( O
Charvat O
& O
Esau O
1975 O
) O
, O
and O
/ O
or O
degradation O
of O
cellular O
content O
( O
Gahan O
1978 O
) O
have O
been O
proposed O
. O

( O
B O
) O
The O
assembly O
of O
the O
LPV O
from O
the O
extracellular O
peptides O
matching O
the O
small B-CommonName
EDRK I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
rich I-CommonName
factor I-CommonName
( O
SERF B-CommonName
) O
peptide O
Bia B-CommonName
/ O
Peptide B-CommonName
14 I-CommonName
derived O
from O
the O
uncharacterized O
protein O
AT3G24100 O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

Of O
course O
, O
the O
possi O
- O
bility O
that O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
is O
also O
involved O
in O
lignan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
vivo O
should O
not O
be O
excluded O
. O

35 O
) O
backgrounds O
were O
vertically O
cultured O
for O
5 O
d O
. O

Wood B-Compound
pieces O
were O
immediately O
soaked O
in O
Schulze O
' O
s O
reagent O
containing O
6 O
% O
KClO O
3 O
in O
50 O
% O
nitric O
acid O
, O
and O
stored O
for O
up O
to O
1 O
week O
at O
room O
temperature O
. O

Moreover O
, O
mwl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
/ O
mwl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
showed O
a O
significant O
reduction O
in O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
( O
by O
ca O
. O

Dried O
residue O
was O
redissolved O
with O
2 O
mL O
of O
50 O
% O
aqueous O
methanol O
and O
fi O
ltered O
. O

Fourteen O
- O
day O
- O
old O
transgenic O
seedlings O
were O
used O
to O
observe O
the O
expression O
pattern O
. O

Add O
2 O
% O
polyvinylpolypyrrolidone O
( O
PVPP O
) O
and O
2 O
% O
beta O
- O
mercaptoethanol O
to O
the O
extraction O
buffer O
I O
and O
warm O
it O
at O
65 O
o O
C O
. O

Deyholos O
, O
Functional O
characterization O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
NaCl O
- O
inducible O
WRKY25 B-CommonName
and O
WRKY33 B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
in O
abiotic O
stresses O
, O
Plant O
Mol O
. O

The O
expression O
level O
in O
each O
sample O
was O
normalized O
using O
A B-Species
. I-Species

All O
primer O
sequences O
are O
presented O
in O
Table O
2 O
below O
. O

The O
reaction O
mixture O
was O
separated O
from O
seeds B-Location
by O
centrifugation O
and O
used O
for O
Liquid O
Chromatography O
- O
Mass O
Spectrometry O
( O
LC O
- O
MS O
) O
analysis O
. O

Training O
nu O
- O
support O
vector O
classifiers O
: O
theory O
and O
algorithms O
. O

[ O
30 O
] O
G3 O
. O
a O
AtMYB63 B-CommonName
Activator O
Dominant O
repression O
reduces O
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
and O
lignin B-Compound
content O
; O
Overexpression O
causes O
ectopic O
lignification B-Process
. O

wrote O
the O
manuscript O
supervised O
by O
U O
. O
F O
. O

Seedlings O
were O
transferred O
to O
soil O
7 O
d O
after O
germination O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Vascular B-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
expression O
of O
GUS O
and O
GFP O
reporter O
genes O
in O
transgenic O
grapevine B-Species
( O
Vitis B-Species
vinifera I-Species
L O
. O

GhUBQ7 B-CommonName
was O
act O
as O
the O
inter O
- O
nal O
control O
. O

Cross O
sections O
( O
thickness O
100 O
mu O
m O
) O
of O
GUS O
- O
stained O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
and O
hypocotyls B-Location
of O
65 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Gene O
expression O
was O
measured O
from O
three O
biological O
repeats O
. O

( O
1992 O
) O
Seasonal O
variation O
of O
amino O
acids O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
sap B-Compound
of O
' O
Populus B-Species
x I-Species
canadensis I-Species
' O
and O
its O
relation O
to O
protein O
body O
mobilization O
. O

Thioacidolysis O
is O
an O
ef O
fi O
cient O
method O
for O
degrading O
the O
lignin B-Compound
polymer O
to O
reveal O
lignin B-Compound
monomer O
composition O
( O
Lapierre O
et O
al O
. O

Heritability O
of O
wood B-Compound
density O
in O
the O
progeny O
trial O
was O
previously O
estimated O
at O
0 O
. O
63 O
, O
indicating O
moderate O
genetic O
control O
( O
Baltunis O
et O
al O
. O

This O
presumption O
was O
corroborated O
by O
quantifying O
the O
acetate O
on O
acetyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
xylan I-Compound
extracted O
from O
wild O
type O
and O
bs1 B-CommonName
by O
dimethylsulfoxide O
( O
DMSO O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

As O
one O
Miscanthus B-Species
genotype O
, O
M B-Species
. I-Species

Only O
the O
genes O
with O
more O
than O
twofold O
change O
in O
FPKM O
during O
salt O
stress O
were O
selected O
( O
Supplementary O
ma O
- O
terial O
2 O
& O
3 O
) O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Interaction O
of O
nitrogen O
nutrition O
and O
salinity O
in O
Grey B-Species
poplar I-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
tremula I-Species
Y O
= O
alba O
) O
. O

Such O
resolution O
surpasses O
the O
resolution O
of O
optical O
IR O
instruments O
making O
AFM O
- O
IR O
a O
suitable O
technique O
to O
study O
nanoscale O
properties O
of O
wood B-Compound
materials O
. O

Thus O
, O
phosphorylation B-Process
regulates O
the O
stability O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
in O
a O
manner O
related O
to O
proteasome O
degradation B-Process
. O

Microsomes O
extracted O
from O
the O
fresh O
basal O
Asparagus B-Species
spears B-Location
were O
incubated O
with O
UDP O
- O
[ O
14 O
C O
] O
- O
Xyl B-Compound
and O
Xyl B-Compound
6 O
for O
1 O
hr O
unless O
otherwise O
indicated O
. O

In O
summary O
, O
these O
results O
suggested O
a O
role O
for O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
in O
the O
lignification B-Process
process O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
. O

These O
clusters O
contain O
numerous O
genes O
that O
have O
previously O
been O
implicated O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
processes O
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

Blue O
and O
orange O
lines O
show O
the O
intensity O
profiles O
along O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
between O
blue O
arrow O
- O
heads O
and O
between O
orange O
arrow O
- O
heads O
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
phylogeny O
was O
reconstructed O
using O
MrBayes O
v3 O
. O
2 O
with O
two O
million O
generations O
. O

A O
, O
Hierarchical O
clustering O
of O
all O
putative O
monolignol B-Compound
, O
laccase B-CommonName
( O
LAC B-CommonName
) O
, O
and O
peroxidase B-CommonName
( O
PRX B-CommonName
) O
genes O
identi O
fi O
ed O
based O
on O
the O
phylogenetic O
analyses O
and O
expression O
in O
xylem B-Location
samples O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
leaves B-Location
of O
the O
con O
- O
fi O
rmed O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
WT O
line O
using O
a O
modi O
fi O
ed O
CTAB O
method O
and O
digested O
with O
DNaseI O
( O
RNase O
free O
) O
to O
remove O
contaminating O
DNA O
( O
Chang O
et O
al O
. O

Thus O
, O
TMO6 B-CommonName
responds O
to O
both O
cytokinin B-Compound
and O
auxin B-Compound
. O

( O
E O
) O
Low O
- O
magnification O
views O
of O
wild O
type O
epidermis B-Location
and O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
. O

/ O
Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochemistry O
104 O
( O
2016 O
) O
226e233 O
232 O
the O
paper O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Expression O
comparisons O
of O
selected O
genes O
detected O
by O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
and O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
between O
TW48h O
and O
NW O
. O

Phylogenetic O
analysis O
showed O
that O
the O
12 O
DUF579 B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
organized O
into O
six O
pairs O
which O
can O
be O
classified O
into O
three O
groups O
( O
lettered O
A O
, O
B O
, O
C O
) O
. O

( O
H O
) O
Evans O
blue O
- O
stained O
cross O
- O
section O
images O
of O
the O
first O
internodes O
of O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
stems B-Location
at O
11 O
WAP O
. O

Neale O
and O
Savo O
- O
lainen O
( O
2004 O
) O
reported O
an O
LD O
decayed O
to O
less O
than O
0 O
. O
20 O
within O
roughly O
1500 O
bp O
based O
on O
19 O
candidate O
genes O
in O
loblolly B-Species
pine I-Species
. O

WT O
is O
a O
wild O
- O
type O
birch B-Species
. O

Journal O
of O
Plant O
Nutrition O
and O
Soil O
Science O
168 O
: O
521 O
- O
530 O
. O

Induction O
of O
another O
CCR B-CommonName
( O
CCR2 B-CommonName
, O
At1g80820 O
) O
and O
another O
CAD B-CommonName
( O
CAD1 B-CommonName
, O
At4g39330 O
) O
does O
not O
compensate O
the O
absence O
of O
the O
main O
CCR B-CommonName
and O
CAD B-CommonName
activities O
. O

Surprisingly O
, O
no O
ERFs B-CommonName
were O
present O
in O
any O
of O
the O
EIN3 B-CommonName
gene O
modules O
, O
suggesting O
that O
the O
expression O
of O
ERFs B-CommonName
might O
not O
require O
EIN3s B-CommonName
during O
normal O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

NMR O
- O
derived O
lignin B-Compound
aromatic O
unit O
and O
inter O
- O
unit O
linkage O
distribution O
. O

It O
is O
possible O
that O
western O
blot O
using O
total O
protein O
is O
not O
sufficient O
to O
detect O
the O
abundance O
change O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

Among O
these O
genes O
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
a O
homolog O
of O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
which O
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

( O
2013 O
) O
Plant O
cell O
shape O
: O
modulators O
and O
measurements O
. O

SUBA O
contains O
pre O
- O
calculated O
localization O
scores O
for O
all O
Arabidopsis B-Species
proteins O
, O
and O
the O
sensitivity O
and O
specificity O
was O
calculated O
for O
the O
members O
of O
the O
training O
set O
for O
each O
of O
the O
different O
predictors O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
. O

Numbers O
indicate O
the O
areas O
shown O
in O
detail O
in O
B O
, O
C O
and O
D O
. O

Putative O
genes O
related O
to O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
and O
hormone O
signaling O
To O
further O
investigate O
the O
role O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
and O
hormone O
signaling O
in O
salt O
stress O
in O
garlic B-Species
, O
the O
candidate O
genes O
related O
to O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
hormone O
signaling O
were O
identified O
according O
to O
the O
KEGG O
anno O
- O
tation O
and O
local O
TBLAST O
search O
. O

The O
monolignols B-Compound
polymerize O
around O
a O
framework O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
to O
form O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
trees O
to O
make O
wood B-Compound
. O

From O
17 O
to O
25 O
dpa O
, O
both O
mannose B-Compound
and O
xylose B-Compound
levels O
decreased O
and O
remained O
stable O
at O
very O
low O
levels O
subsequently O
. O

New O
Phytol O
168 O
: O
123 O
- O
140 O
Rolando O
C O
, O
Monties O
B O
, O
Lapierre O
C O
( O
1992 O
) O
Thioacidolysis O
. O

Family O
GT106 B-CommonName
, O
subgroup O
B O
of O
mannosyl B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
( O
MSR B-CommonName
) O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharide O
and O
lignin B-Compound
composition O
analysis O
Asparagus B-Species
spear B-Location
sections O
were O
separately O
ground O
with O
a O
mortar O
and O
pestle O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
washed O
successively O
with O
80 O
% O
ethanol O
, O
acetone O
and O
methanol O
to O
generate O
alcohol O
insoluble O
residues O
( O
AIR O
) O
as O
described O
by O
Pettolino O
et O
al O
. O

For O
transportation O
, O
the O
samples O
were O
placed O
on O
a O
glass O
slide O
and O
covered O
with O
a O
glass O
coverslip O
. O

Star O
, O
sample O
for O
detecting O
MF O
orientation B-Process
. O

Our O
results O
are O
consistent O
with O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
being O
a O
regulator O
of O
the O
initiation O
of O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
. O

To O
do O
so O
, O
we O
used O
the O
cerium O
chloride O
assay O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Differential O
interference O
contrast O
( O
DIC O
) O
images O
of O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
in O
roots B-Location
. O

To O
view O
the O
correlation O
of O
their O
expression O
patterns O
across O
many O
microarray O
experiments O
, O
we O
performed O
a O
scatter O
plot O
analysis O
using O
CoexViewer O
based O
on O
the O
237 O
data O
sets O
related O
to O
developmental O
series O
in O
the O
ATTED O
- O
II O
database O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
[ O
31 O
] O
. O

Based O
on O
our O
current O
fi O
ndings O
, O
it O
would O
appear O
that O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
have O
overlapping O
functions O
in O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
and O
, O
as O
the O
phenotype O
is O
more O
severe O
in O
the O
double O
mutant O
, O
they O
are O
only O
partially O
functionally O
redundant O
. O

Methods O
for O
Hemp B-Species
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Characterization O
TABLE O
6 O
| O
Radium O
( O
in O
mm O
) O
of O
the O
primary O
and O
secondary B-Location
bast I-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
, O
woody O
hemp B-Species
core O
( O
WHC O
) O
, O
and O
lumen O
from O
the O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
hemp B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Both O
carbohydrates O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
di O
ff O
erent O
between O
the O
six O
accessions O
but O
galacturonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
showed O
a O
larger O
variation O
. O

e O
- O
, O
very O
little O
or O
no O
GUS O
expression O
. O

Longitudinal O
( O
A O
and O
C O
) O
and O
transverse O
( O
B O
and O
D O
) O
sections O
were O
stained O
with O
phloroglucinol O
- O
HCl O
, O
which O
selectively O
stains O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

( O
A O
) O
Rapid O
recovery O
of O
sec O
- O
mCHERRY O
in O
uninduced O
seedlings O
with O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Our O
results O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
thus O
suggest O
an O
additional O
role O
for O
SND2 B-CommonName
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
lignification B-Process
distinct O
from O
that O
of O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

To O
test O
the O
potential O
interaction O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
and O
bHLH B-CommonName
- O
like O
proteins O
, O
poplar B-Species
TT8 B-CommonName
( O
bHLH131 B-CommonName
) O
was O
cloned O
into O
the O
vectors O
pGBKT7 O
and O
pGADT7 O
as O
described O
by O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

( O
XLS O
) O
Table O
S3 O
Categorization O
and O
abundance O
of O
tags O
. O

These O
data O
suggested O
that O
BS1 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
plants O
. O

In O
the O
hormone O
metabolism B-Process
category O
, O
a O
number O
of O
ethylene B-Compound
- O
responsive O
element O
binding O
factors O
were O
signif O
- O
icantly O
upregulated O
in O
the O
lines O
grown O
in O
nitrate O
. O

We O
combined O
molecular O
and O
genetic O
studies O
to O
elucidate O
the O
biological O
functions O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
. O

Complementary O
information O
Figure O
S1 O
CRISPR O
- O
Cas9 O
- O
mediated O
mutations O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
and O
cellulose B-Compound
/ O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
and O
zmnst3 B-CommonName
stems B-Location
. O

Integrative O
analysis O
of O
the O
Caenorhabditis O
elegans O
genome O
by O
the O
modENCODE O
project O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Histogram O
in O
arbitrary O
units O
of O
the O
ratio O
of O
the O
YC3 O
. O
60 O
of O
[ O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
] O
tip O
/ O
[ O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
] O
behind O
in O
growing O
PTs O
of O
WT O
( O
green O
) O
and O
rbohH B-CommonName
- O
1 O
rbohJ B-CommonName
- O
2 O
( O
red O
) O
. O

Nat O
Protoc O
24 O
: O
44 O
- O
57 O
Huang O
DW O
, O
Sherman O
BT O
, O
Lempicki O
RA O
( O
2009b O
) O
Bioinformatics O
enrichment O
tools O
: O
paths O
toward O
the O
comprehensive O
functional O
analysis O
of O
large O
gene O
lists O
. O

( O
C O
) O
sft B-CommonName
induces O
late O
flowering B-Process
, O
suppresses O
sympodial O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
forms O
single B-CommonName
flower I-CommonName
truss I-CommonName
inflorescences B-Location
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
18 O
TFs O
were O
identified O
to O
be O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
biosynthetic O
genes O
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
during O
TW O
formation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
MS O
scan O
was O
performed O
in O
a O
negative O
ion O
mode O
with O
the O
instrumental O
settings O
of O
200 O
ms O
as O
maximum O
injection O
time O
, O
inlet O
ion O
transfer O
tube O
temperature O
of O
250 O
deg O
C O
, O
and O
resolution O
of O
35 O
, O
000 O
. O

The O
results O
are O
presented O
in O
Table O
1 O
: O
29 O
genes O
are O
listed O
based O
on O
the O
fact O
that O
the O
Pearson O
correlation O
coef O
fi O
cient O
between O
their O
set O
of O
expression O
values O
across O
all O
experiments O
and O
that O
of O
AtERF38 B-CommonName
meet O
the O
cut O
- O
off O
value O
of O
0 O
. O
8 O
. O

Among O
these O
DEGs O
, O
43 O
( O
55 O
. O
8 O
% O
) O
Unigenes O
were O
preferentially O
expressed O
in O
NW O
( O
Tables O
1 O
and O
2 O
) O
. O

( O
1993 O
) O
as O
described O
in O
Bedon O
et O
al O
. O

Release O
of O
DAMPs B-Compound
triggers O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
stress O
hormones O
such O
as O
salicylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
SA B-Compound
) O
( O
18 O
) O
, O
jasmonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
19 O
) O
, O
and O
ethylene B-Compound
( O
20 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
generation O
and O
accumulation B-Process
of O
reactive B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
( O
21 O
) O
. O

Out O
of O
the O
seven O
sequences O
retrieved O
( O
using O
a O
protein O
sequence O
identity O
cut O
- O
off O
of O
30 O
% O
) O
, O
one O
protein O
( O
PpHCT1 B-CommonName
) O
falls O
into O
the O
' O
HCT B-CommonName
clade O
' O
and O
was O
selected O
for O
this O
study O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S1 O
; O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

The O
heatmaps O
in O
the O
Venn O
graph O
were O
generated O
by O
TBtools O
0 O
. O
6669 O
. O

After O
digestion O
, O
peptides O
were O
extracted O
from O
the O
gel O
plugs O
with O
50 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
ACN O
containing O
0 O
. O
1 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
tri B-Compound
fl I-Compound
uoroacetic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
TFA O
) O
and O
dried O
. O

This O
extraordinary O
dynamism O
in O
the O
temporal O
development B-Process
of O
a O
single O
cell O
is O
incompletely O
understood O
, O
but O
insights O
into O
some O
of O
the O
key O
triggers O
are O
beginning O
to O
emerge O
. O

The O
released O
DFRC O
conjugate O
8 O
G O
derives O
, O
in O
part O
, O
from O
units O
5 O
( O
Fig O
. O

Transmission O
EM O
The O
stem B-Location
pieces O
for O
EM O
were O
fi O
xed O
in O
2 O
. O
5 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
glutaraldehyde O
in O
0 O
. O
1 O
M O
cacodylate O
buffer O
overnight O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
. O

a O
Cellulose B-Compound
content O
in O
maize B-Species
stems B-Location
at O
49 O
days O
after O
planting O
increases O
towards O
the O
base O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
with O
the O
most O
rapid O
change O
between O
Internodes B-Location
6 O
and O
5 O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Characterization O
and O
ectopic O
expression O
of O
a O
populus B-Species
hydroxyacid B-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyltransferase I-CommonName
. O

We O
reconstructed O
the O
phylogeny O
for O
the O
SWAM B-CommonName
, O
MYB50 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
61 I-CommonName
and O
MYB46 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
83 I-CommonName
clades O
using O
MrBayes O
v3 O
. O
2 O
. O

Data O
are O
shown O
as O
the O
mean O
of O
ratios O
over O
90 O
s6stan O
- O
dard O
deviation O
( O
SD O
) O
. O

perenne I-Species
COMTs B-CommonName
( O
LpCOMT3 B-CommonName
and O
LpCOMT4 B-CommonName
) O
, O
with O
a O
low O
protein O
sequence O
similarity O
( O
75 O
% O
) O
and O
a O
different O
gene O
structure O
( O
Fig O
. O

Although O
much O
research O
has O
been O
performed O
to O
assess O
the O
role O
of O
class O
III O
peroxidases B-CommonName
in O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
only O
few O
isoenzymes O
have O
been O
actually O
correlated O
to O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

We O
investigated O
co O
- O
expression O
gene O
modules O
of O
these O
hubs O
to O
elucidate O
their O
role O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Figure O
5 O
) O
. O

Results O
The O
rsw12 B-CommonName
phenotype O
The O
rsw12 B-CommonName
phenotype O
is O
strongly O
temperature O
- O
sensitive O
with O
seedlings O
grown O
at O
the O
permissive O
temperature O
( O
20 O
C O
) O
closely O
resembling O
wild O
type O
plants O
while O
plants O
transferred O
to O
the O
restrictive O
temperature O
( O
31 O
C O
) O
show O
a O
mild O
root B-Location
swelling B-Process
phenotype O
and O
reduced O
growth B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1714422114 O
7 O
of O
11 O
Fig O
. O

The O
reaction O
was O
terminated O
with O
the O
addition O
of O
3 O
M O
HCl O
. O

Sugarcane B-Species
genes O
associated O
with O
sucrose B-Compound
content O
. O

Stem B-Location
pieces O
of O
approximately O
1 O
. O
0 O
cm O
in O
length O
were O
also O
fixed O
and O
sectioned O
with O
a O
Leica O
SM2010 O
sliding O
microtome O
at O
80 O
- O
100 O
u O
m O
thickness O
and O
stored O
in O
70 O
% O
ethanol O
until O
needed O
. O

While O
RPL28A B-CommonName
and O
RPL15 B-CommonName
could O
be O
detected O
in O
all O
fractions O
containing O
60S O
, O
the O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
was O
co O
- O
localized O
to O
some O
fractions O
containing O
60S O
and O
80S O
, O
but O
not O
40S O
. O

2 O
Monosaccharide O
composition O
and O
linkage O
analysis O
of O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
polysaccharides O
during O
development B-Process
of O
FM966 O
( O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Hoffmann O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Silencing O
of O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
coenzyme I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
shikimate I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
quinate I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyltransferase I-CommonName
affects O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Conclusions O
Analyses O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
epitopes O
during O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
TW B-Compound
in O
willow B-Species
have O
allowed O
the O
development B-Process
of O
a O
model O
Fig O
. O

A O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
Myb B-CommonName
protein O
activates O
transcription O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

The O
uncorrected O
lignin B-Compound
content O
was O
calculated O
using O
multivariate O
analysis O
( O
principal O
compo O
- O
nent O
analysis O
) O
and O
corrected O
with O
NIST O
8492 O
( O
lignin B-Compound
= O
26 O
. O
2 O
% O
) O
. O

( O
I O
) O
Homogalacturonan B-Compound
labelling O
in O
the O
intercellular O
spaces O
between O
parenchyma B-Location
ray I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
G B-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
. O

However O
, O
this O
ERF B-CommonName
pathway O
is O
repressed O
by O
PXY B-CommonName
signaling O
( O
Etchells O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

Introduction O
Woody O
plants O
are O
characterized O
by O
specific O
fibrous O
tissue O
called O
wood B-Compound
that O
has O
three O
main O
functions O
in O
the O
plant O
: O
mechanical O
support O
, O
storage O
of O
biological O
compounds O
, O
and O
transport O
of O
water O
and O
nutrients O
from O
roots B-Location
to O
leaves B-Location
. O

The O
sequences O
of O
other O
WRKY B-CommonName
proteins O
were O
obtained O
from O
website O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
phytozome O
. O
com O
) O
. O

Phenotypes O
of O
WT O
and O
ccc O
Flowers B-Location
. O

Results O
Cellulose B-Compound
, O
xylan B-Compound
, O
and O
lignin B-Compound
contents O
increase O
in O
maize B-Species
rind O
tissue O
during O
internode B-Location
development B-Process
Maize B-Species
stem B-Location
development B-Process
began O
at O
the O
fifth O
- O
leaf B-Location
stage O
and O
culminated O
with O
tassel O
formation B-Process
after O
five O
weeks O
. O

A O
unique O
chromatin O
signature O
uncovers O
early O
developmental O
enhancers O
in O
humans O
. O

Raw O
DNase O
- O
seq O
sam O
- O
ple O
reads O
( O
50 O
nt O
) O
were O
assessed O
for O
quality O
using O
F O
AST O
QC O
( O
Andrews O
, O
2010 O
) O
and O
aligned O
to O
the O
custom O
reference O
using O
BWA O
. O

The O
observed O
difference O
between O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
mutants O
was O
statistically O
signi O
fi O
cant O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
) O
using O
the O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
program O
. O

Error O
bars O
are O
the O
SDs O
of O
four O
techni O
- O
cal O
replicates O
. O

For O
example O
, O
D14 O
( O
DWARF14 O
) O
is O
a O
strigolactone O
receptor O
important O
for O
shoot B-Location
branching B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
( O
5 O
- O
7 O
) O
. O

After O
hydrolysis O
, O
allose O
was O
added O
to O
each O
reaction O
mixture O
as O
an O
internal O
standard O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
acetylation O
in O
maize B-Species
seedling O
roots B-Location
( O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
) O
and O
plant O
roots B-Location
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
pxc1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
pxc1 B-CommonName
- O
3 O
plants O
were O
unable O
to O
support O
the O
weight O
of O
the O
continued O
upright O
growth B-Process
of O
the O
stem B-Location
( O
Figure O
5C O
) O
. O

For O
example O
, O
all O
CSE B-CommonName
and O
PAL B-CommonName
family O
members O
were O
highly O
expressed O
in O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
( O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
, O
mature B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
cambium B-Location
) O
. O

Alternatively O
, O
a O
decrease O
in O
lignin B-Compound
con O
- O
tent O
in O
mutant O
seeds B-Location
could O
be O
due O
to O
a O
high O
substrate O
demand O
for O
increased O
PA B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
as O
substrate O
com O
- O
petition O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1073 O
/ O
pnas O
. O
0337628100 O
PMID O
: O
12538856 O
; O
PubMed O
Central O
PMCID O
: O
PMC298793 O
. O

These O
observations O
also O
led O
us O
to O
examine O
whether O
GUS O
activity O
would O
be O
enhanced O
upon O
wounding O
the O
cambial B-Location
zone I-Location
in O
the O
transgenic O
trees O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
were O
fractionated O
into O
four O
fractions O
: O
hot O
water O
- O
soluble O
polysaccharides O
, O
pectin B-Compound
, O
hemicellulose B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

H O
, O
BiFC O
showing O
the O
presence O
of O
a O
homodimer O
in O
the O
nucleus O
of O
onion B-Species
epidermal O
peel B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
genome O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
phytozome O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Single O
median O
plane O
images O
of O
growing O
WT O
and O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
PTs O
stained O
with O
the O
ROS B-Compound
- O
insensitive O
FDA O
dye O
and O
imaged O
with O
the O
same O
settings O
. O

57 O
58 O
The O
expression O
level O
in O
each O
sample O
was O
normalized O
using O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
59 O
Actin2 B-CommonName
( O
At3g18780 O
) O
as O
an O
internal O
control O
. O

Gravitropisms O
and O
reaction O
woods B-Compound
of O
forest O
trees O
- O
- O
evolution O
, O
functions O
and O
mechanisms O
. O

Similar O
conditions O
were O
used O
to O
obtain O
substrate O
saturation O
curves O
except O
that O
the O
incubation O
time O
was O
reduced O
to O
2 O
min O
and O
the O
concentration O
of O
the O
acyl O
acceptors O
varied O
from O
0 O
to O
6 O
. O
4 O
or O
12 O
. O
8 O
mM O
. O

Numbers O
of O
epidermal O
and O
pith B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
1 O
mm O
of O
the O
longitudinal O
sections O
were O
deter O
- O
mined O
for O
three O
sections O
per O
internode B-Location
. O

( O
2012b O
) O
Biological O
conversion O
assay O
using O
Clostridium B-Species
phytofermentans I-Species
to O
estimate O
plant O
feedstock O
quality O
. O

Purification O
of O
Ascorbate B-CommonName
Peroxidase I-CommonName
in O
Spinach B-Species
Chloroplasts O
; O
Its O
Inactivation O
in O
Ascorbate B-Compound
- O
Depleted O
Medium O
and O
Reactivation O
by O
Monodehydroascorbate O
Radical O
. O

Amino O
acid O
catabolism B-Process
in O
plants O
. O

SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
Regulates O
Secondary B-Process
Growth I-Process
by O
Preventing O
Precocious O
Xylem B-Location
Fiber I-Location
Formation B-Process
. O

Obara O
K O
, O
Kuriyama O
H O
, O
Fukuda O
H O
( O
2001 O
) O
Direct O
evidence O
of O
active O
and O
rapid O
nuclear O
degradation B-Process
triggered O
by O
vacuole O
rupture O
dur O
- O
ing O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
in O
Zinnia B-Species
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1016144108 O
1 O
of O
8 O
( O
14 O
) O
. O

Height O
and O
weight O
of O
cse B-CommonName
mutants O
and O
two O
independent O
CSE B-CommonName
complemented O
lines O
, O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
CSE B-CommonName
1 O
and O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
CSE B-CommonName
2 O
. O

Curve O
fi O
tting O
was O
performed O
using O
KaleidaGraph O
software O
( O
Synergy O
Software O
) O
. O

B O
, O
Quantification O
of O
the O
three O
major O
flavonols B-Compound
in O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
the O
same O
plants O
as O
( O
A O
) O
. O

For O
each O
SCW B-Compound
stage O
n O
= O
30 O
- O
68 O
cells O
from O
10 O
plants O
in O
2 O
replicate O
experi O
- O
ments O
. O

No O
lignin O
autofluorescence O
is O
observed O
. O

( O
G O
) O
Quantifcation O
of O
GUS O
signal O
over O
the O
course O
of O
TE B-Location
diferentiation B-Process
in O
the O
cotyledons B-Location
of O
the O
proMC9 O
: O
: O
GUS O
and O
proIRX1 O
: O
: O
GFP O
: O
GUS O
reporter O
lines O
. O

The O
expression O
profiles O
of O
the O
query O
genes O
was O
drawn O
to O
determine O
whether O
variation O
or O
structure O
can O
be O
observed O
, O
to O
genes O
that O
do O
not O
show O
correlation O
with O
any O
other O
query O
genes O
. O

For O
instance O
, O
we O
found O
a O
constant O
arc O
interspace O
distance O
for O
phloem B-Location
pole O
formation B-Process
along O
the O
devel O
- O
opmental O
time O
series O
with O
a O
concomitant O
decrease O
in O
the O
interspace O
angle O
due O
to O
the O
overall O
sec O
- O
ondary O
growth B-Process
. O

The O
different O
filters O
are O
indicated O
on O
the O
left O
. O

Thus O
, O
we O
reasoned O
that O
LBD4 B-CommonName
might O
in O
fl O
uence O
bound O
- O
aries O
within O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Kohel O
R O
, O
Richmond O
T O
, O
Lewis O
C O
( O
1970 O
) O
Texas O
marker O
- O
1 O
. O

We O
through O
the O
analysis O
of O
cis O
- O
acting O
elements O
in O
promoters O
of O
PbPAL B-CommonName
family O
members O
, O
and O
found O
that O
most O
of O
the O
promoters O
of O
PbPALs B-CommonName
contain O
a O
variety O
of O
biological O
or O
abiotic O
stress O
- O
related O
elements O
( O
Table O
S5 O
) O
. O

Only O
proportions O
above O
0 O
. O
9 O
% O
are O
shown O
. O

Sano O
Y O
( O
2016 O
) O
Bordered O
pit B-Location
structure O
and O
cavitation O
resistance O
in O
woo O
- O
dy O
plants O
. O

Purification O
of O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
proteins O
of O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
members O
for O
EMSA O
. O

Sophisticated O
mechanisms O
are O
required O
to O
maintain O
optimum O
level O
of O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
that O
acts O
as O
signalling O
molecule O
regulating O
adaptive O
response O
to O
salt O
stress O
. O

( O
F O
) O
to O
( O
H O
) O
lbd4 B-CommonName
suppresses O
CLE41 B-CommonName
misexpression O
phenotypes O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
BAK1 B-CommonName
, O
an O
Arabidopsis B-Species
LRR B-CommonName
receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
, O
interacts O
with O
BRI1 B-CommonName
and O
modulates O
brassinosteroid B-Compound
signaling O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
20 O
: O
2339 O
- O
2356 O
Mullineaux O
P O
, O
Karpin O
' O
ski O
S O
( O
2002 O
) O
Signal O
transduction O
in O
response O
to O
excess O
light O
: O
getting O
out O
of O
the O
chloroplast O
. O

The O
length O
of O
the O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
fragment O
( O
approximately O
0 O
. O
6 O
kb O
) O
cor O
- O
responds O
to O
the O
expected O
size O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Maturing B-Location
G I-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
showing O
thicker O
G O
- O
layers O
strongly O
labelled O
with O
LM5 O
antibody O
next O
to O
a O
ray B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cell I-Location
with O
unlabelled O
SCW B-Compound
. O

Further O
, O
in O
in O
vitro O
cultured O
mesophyll B-Location
cells I-Location
, O
it O
was O
observed O
that O
the O
higher O
leaf B-Location
osmotic O
potential O
correlated O
with O
increased O
frequency O
of O
TE B-Location
formation B-Process
and O
enhanced O
size O
of O
differentiated O
TE B-Location
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
affects O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
yields O
when O
the O
material O
is O
subjected O
to O
enzymatic O
hydrolysis B-Process
after O
pretreatment O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

The O
script O
calculated O
kymographs O
for O
each O
horizontal O
pixel O
row O
. O

Notably O
, O
wild O
type O
cells O
contained O
autophagosome O
/ O
autolysosome O
- O
like O
structures O
enclosing O
degrading O
organelles O
and O
cellular O
materials O
( O
Fig O
. O

Methods O
S2 O
Global O
eQTL O
mapping O
and O
hotspot O
locus O
detection O
. O

Dif O
- O
ferent O
motifs O
are O
indicated O
by O
different O
colored O
numbers O
1 O
- O
8 O
. O

There O
is O
also O
a O
statistically O
signi O
fi O
cant O
decrease O
in O
the O
total O
number O
of O
vessel B-Location
cells I-Location
per O
unit O
area O
observed O
compared O
with O
the O
mock O
- O
treated O
control O
. O

Although O
progress O
is O
being O
made O
in O
identifying O
and O
charac O
- O
terizing O
the O
genes O
that O
are O
required O
for O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
wall B-Compound
matrix I-Compound
components I-Compound
( O
Ellis O
2010 O
; O
Guerriero O
et O
al O
. O

The O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
microstructures O
of O
stems B-Location
base O
were O
photographed O
using O
SEM O
( O
S O
- O
4800 O
; O
HITACHI O
) O
and O
the O
results O
are O
shown O
in O
Fig O
. O

Secondly O
, O
the O
fra8 B-CommonName
mutation O
causes O
a O
reduced O
accumulation B-Process
of O
both O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
xylan B-Compound
in O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

concentration O
for O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaryl I-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
glucoside I-Compound
( O
pCAG B-Compound
) O
. O

The O
specific O
primers O
of O
cotton B-Species
Rbohs B-CommonName
for O
the O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
experiments O
were O
list O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

thaliana I-Species
to O
further O
analyze O
its O
role O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

Besides O
, O
we O
have O
demonstrated O
that O
XVP B-CommonName
functions O
as O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
TDIF B-CommonName
signaling O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
artificially O
inclined O
willow B-Species
stems B-Location
, O
Brereton O
et O
al O
. O

In O
part O
, O
this O
could O
be O
off O
set O
by O
binarization O
of O
the O
images O
using O
an O
adaptive O
Gaussian O
filter O
, O
which O
greatly O
accelerated O
the O
segmentation O
proce O
- O
dure O
. O

Comparison O
of O
putative O
candidate O
genes O
for O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
density O
and O
MFA O
. O

QsMYB1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
member O
of O
the O
R2R3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
family O
related O
to O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
, O
and O
in O
particular O
, O
with O
the O
cork B-Location
development B-Process
process O
. O

We O
detected O
a O
strong O
conservation O
of O
the O
correlations O
between O
23 O
of O
the O
36 O
arabidopsis B-Species
genes O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
The O
multi O
- O
protein O
family O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
sulphotransferases B-CommonName
and O
their O
relatives O
in O
other O
plant O
species O
. O

Disruption O
of O
mediator O
rescues O
the O
stunted O
growth B-Process
of O
a O
lignin B-Compound
- O
de O
fi O
cient O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mutant O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Morphological O
classification O
of O
plant O
cell B-Process
deaths I-Process
. O

Root B-Location
and O
root B-Location
system O
terminology O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
undesired O
epigenetic O
regulations O
often O
affect O
transgene O
expression O
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

Bioinformatics O
and O
statistical O
analysis O
The O
E B-Species
. I-Species

The O
acetone O
- O
soluble O
PA O
content O
was O
determined O
using O
the O
butanol O
- O
HCl O
method O
described O
by O
Mole O
and O
Waterman O
( O
1987a O
) O
and O
Xie O
et O
al O
. O

Recombinant O
full O
- O
size O
protein O
production O
of O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
members O
in O
E O
. O

KNAT7 B-CommonName
and O
TT8 B-CommonName
were O
fused O
to O
the O
DNA O
- O
BD O
in O
pGBKT7 O
, O
respectively O
. O

Sections O
of O
8 O
- O
10 O
u O
m O
thickness O
were O
cut O
and O
stained O
with O
1 O
% O
safranin O
and O
4 O
% O
fast O
green O
. O

To O
dynamically O
maintain O
such O
control O
, O
the O
plants O
need O
to O
be O
able O
to O
both O
acetylate O
and O
deacetylate O
, O
so O
deacetylases B-CommonName
that O
work O
antagonistically O
to O
acetyltransferases B-CommonName
likely O
exist O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
of O
plant O
cells O
. O

S4 O
Phenotypes O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
RNAi O
/ O
PaC3H17DR B-CommonName
trans O
- O
genic O
poplar B-Species
lines O
. O

All O
images O
were O
processed O
with O
NIS O
- O
Elements O
AR O
software O
( O
Nikon O
) O
. O

In O
all O
cases O
, O
seeds O
were O
surface O
- O
sterilized O
as O
described O
( O
1 O
) O
and O
stratified O
for O
3 O
days O
at O
4 O
o O
C O
in O
the O
dark O
before O
growing O
. O

Single O
asterisks O
indicate O
statistically O
significant O
differences O
from O
the O
corresponding O
control O
at O
5 O
mM O
[ O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
] O
( O
indicated O
by O
# O
) O
according O
to O
a O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
with O
p O
, O
0 O
. O
05 O
. O

Targeted O
search O
for O
compounds O
that O
accumulate O
in O
cse B-CommonName
mutants O
as O
potential O
substrates O
for O
CSE B-CommonName
. O

Since O
tissue O
- O
specific O
gene O
expression O
patterns O
might O
explain O
specific O
phenotypes O
in O
some O
cases O
, O
we O
examined O
the O
gene O
expression O
profiles O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
. O

And O
all O
of O
them O
participated O
in O
the O
metabolic O
process O
, O
which O
might O
be O
the O
reason O
of O
radial O
growth B-Process
di O
ff O
erences O
between O
the O
two O
cultivars O
. O

Peptides O
identifed O
in O
this O
study O
are O
underlined O
in O
red O
. O

Performed O
the O
experiments O
: O
MC O
AZ O
QZ O
BZ O
JN O
XL O
NL O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Towards O
a O
systems O
approach O
for O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
: O
transcript O
abundance O
and O
specificity O
of O
the O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

The O
attempt O
to O
identify O
and O
characterize O
proteins O
involved O
in O
any O
complex O
bio O
- O
logical O
process O
is O
challenging O
and O
should O
take O
into O
consider O
- O
ation O
several O
variables O
, O
including O
the O
sampling O
scheme O
and O
statistical O
analysis O
( O
Valledor O
and O
Jorrin O
2011 O
) O
. O

In O
that O
respect O
, O
a O
promising O
method O
is O
the O
direct O
identification O
of O
genotypes O
using O
a O
diagnostic O
system O
based O
on O
molecular O
markers O
cose O
- O
gregating O
with O
the O
traits O
of O
interest O
. O

In O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
background O
, O
VND7 B-CommonName
was O
predominantly O
expressed O
in O
immature B-Location
TEs I-Location
in O
the O
root B-Location
maturation I-Location
zone I-Location
based O
on O
transverse O
and O
longitudinal O
optical O
sections O
using O
confocal O
microscopy O
( O
Figure O
9F O
; O
Supplemental O
Figure O
12C O
) O
. O

The O
root B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
thin O
and O
uneven O
when O
treated O
with O
DCB O
( O
Fig O
. O

Among O
these O
new O
PPIs O
are O
three O
cytoskeletal O
- O
related O
proteins O
, O
including O
a O
member O
of O
the O
myosin B-CommonName
binding I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
( O
MyoB B-CommonName
) O
family O
that O
controls O
cytoplasmic O
streaming O
, O
cell O
growth B-Process
and O
possibly O
nucleocytoplasmic O
tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
( O
Peremyslov O
et O
al O
. O

Therefore O
the O
MYB103L B-CommonName
is O
a O
central O
factor O
in O
GA B-Compound
regulates O
cellulose B-Compound
bio B-Process
- I-Process
synthesis I-Process
pathway O
. O

Agrobacterium O
strains O
were O
co O
- O
cultivated O
with O
to B-Species
- I-Species
bacco I-Species
leaf B-Location
discs O
[ O
7 O
] O
and O
poplar B-Species
stem B-Location
sections O
[ O
8 O
] O
. O

lsd1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
mutant O
grown O
in O
laboratory O
conditions O
showed O
an O
unam O
- O
biguous O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
phenotype O
that O
was O
associated O
with O
signi O
fi O
cant O
growth B-Process
retardation O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Seedlings O
were O
mounted O
between O
no O
. O

These O
results O
indicated O
that O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
regulatory O
complex O
increased O
the O
repressive O
activity O
of O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
on O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
. O

Proteins O
are O
divided O
into O
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
green O
) O
, O
receptors O
and O
signaling O
( O
orange O
) O
, O
transcriptional O
reprogramming O
( O
red O
) O
and O
regulatory O
( O
gray O
) O
components O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
growth B-Process
of O
the O
stem B-Location
diameter O
was O
reduced O
~ O
28 O
% O
compared O
to O
wild O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

Amino O
acid O
alterations O
by O
in O
- O
frame O
deletion O
are O
presented O
on O
the O
right O
( O
bold O
text O
) O
. O

thanks O
Sasanka O
Raj O
Deka O
for O
valuable O
input O
in O
conducting O
the O
statistical O
analyses O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
describe O
the O
characterization O
of O
the O
upstream O
and O
downstream O
elements O
fl O
anking O
two O
loblolly B-Species
pine I-Species
genes O
with O
preferential O
expression O
in O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
100 O
: O
1450 O
- O
1455 O
. O

The O
rice B-Species
dynamin O
- O
related O
protein O
DRP2B B-CommonName
mediates O
membrane O
traf O
fi O
cking O
, O
and O
thereby O
plays O
a O
critical O
role O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Plates O
were O
kept O
in O
vertical O
racks O
during O
the O
entire O
growth B-Process
period O
to O
keep O
verticality O
. O

Current O
evidence O
supports O
the O
continued O
deposition B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
during O
trichome B-Location
wall B-Compound
thickening B-Process
as O
shown O
by O
strong O
birefringence O
arising O
only O
later O
in O
trichome B-Location
maturation O
( O
Figure O
1 O
) O
as O
well O
as O
staining O
consistent O
with O
cellulose B-Compound
existing O
on O
the O
innermost O
layer O
of O
thick O
trichome B-Location
walls B-Compound
( O
see O
Figure O
6 O
in O
Marks O
et O
al O
. O

The O
number O
of O
reads O
mappable O
to O
the O
model O
legume O
, O
M B-Species
. I-Species

Cell O
length O
and O
cell O
numbers O
in O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Transport O
of O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
galactose I-Compound
in O
plants O
. O

Subcellular O
localization O
analysis O
showed O
that O
LTF1 B-CommonName
- O
mCherry O
and O
DAPI O
were O
co O
- O
localized O
in O
the O
nucleus O
in O
tobacco B-Species
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
2D O
) O
. O

helped O
processing O
anatomic O
images O
and O
H O
. O

The O
networkType O
parameter O
was O
set O
to O
' O
' O
unsigned O
' O
' O
, O
maxBlockSize O
was O
set O
to O
10000 O
and O
other O
parameters O
were O
left O
at O
their O
default O
val O
- O
ues O
. O

Moreover O
, O
nonsynonymous O
( O
d O
N O
) O
diversity O
was O
lower O
than O
synonymous O
( O
d O
S O
) O
diversity O
( O
d O
N O
/ O
d O
S O
= O
0 O
. O
43 O
) O
, O
indicating O
purifying O
selection O
within O
the O
exons O
. O

Their O
expression O
was O
con O
fi O
ned O
to O
differentiating O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
the O
proteins O
were O
localized O
in O
the O
nucleus O
. O

Supplementary O
Figure O
6 O
BiFC O
assay O
, O
relative O
object O
diameter O
of O
IRX9L B-CommonName
- O
RFP O
and O
electron O
microscopy O
of O
the O
Golgi O
. O

This O
resulted O
in O
a O
network O
of O
18 O
, O
625 O
interactions O
( O
edges O
) O
among O
6760 O
genes O
( O
nodes O
) O
with O
high O
confidence O
and O
connections O
representing O
~ O
0 O
. O
01 O
% O
of O
all O
possible O
edges O
. O

It O
is O
plausible O
that O
the O
microtubule O
lateral O
displacement O
in O
the O
cmu1cmu2 O
mutant O
cells O
could O
be O
due O
to O
the O
vigorous O
actomy O
- O
osin O
- O
dependent O
cytoplasmic O
streaming O
in O
growing O
plant O
cells O
. O

An O
approximate O
distance O
of O
160 O
bp O
separated O
the O
IX O
DHSs O
and O
H3K4me3 O
coverage O
summits O
( O
marked O
d O
in O
Fig O
. O

LAC4 B-CommonName
and O
LAC17 B-CommonName
Localize O
to O
Secondary B-Compound
Cell I-Compound
Walls I-Compound
in O
Protoxylem B-Location
TEs I-Location
If O
the O
presence O
of O
the O
enzymes O
responsible O
for O
oxi O
- O
dative O
coupling O
of O
monolignols B-Compound
is O
the O
key O
factor O
de O
- O
termining O
where O
lignin B-Compound
is O
deposited O
, O
then O
the O
spatial O
organization B-Process
of O
these O
apoplastic O
proteins O
is O
predicted O
to O
be O
tightly O
controlled O
. O

Samples O
with O
significant O
statistic O
difference O
are O
labelled O
with O
different O
letters O
He O
et O
al O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
are O
formed O
inside O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
after O
the O
cessation O
of O
cell O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
develop O
particularly O
in O
sclerenchyma B-Location
tissues I-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
elements I-Location
( O
Reiter O
2002 O
) O
. O

Nonetheless O
, O
LpCCR2 B-CommonName
is O
expressed O
in O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
( O
Larsen O
2004 O
) O
. O

Since O
it O
is O
known O
that O
Si O
enhances O
resistance O
to O
biotic O
and O
abiotic O
stress O
, O
the O
increase O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
might O
be O
a O
key O
factor O
that O
compensates O
for O
the O
reduction O
in O
stress O
resistance O
caused O
by O
Si O
de O
fi O
ciency O
. O

The O
2010 O
field O
trial O
was O
carried O
out O
with O
the O
same O
random O
- O
ized O
complete O
block O
experimental O
design O
as O
in O
previous O
years O
, O
but O
a O
much O
larger O
plot O
size O
( O
100 O
m O
2 O
per O
plot O
) O
was O
used O
. O

GFP O
- O
CC2 B-CommonName
) O
and O
tdT O
- O
CesA6 B-CommonName
seedlings O
revealed O
that O
CC1 B-CommonName
and O
the O
CesAs B-CommonName
still O
tracked O
together O
( O
Figures O
S3B O
- O
S3D O
) O
. O

Measurements O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
of O
wild O
type O
and O
transgenic O
35S O
: O
PtoMYB156 B-CommonName
poplar B-Species
. O

Patterns O
of O
expression O
assayed O
by O
qPCR O
in O
10 O
- O
30 O
DPA O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
for O
putative O
cotton B-Species
orthologs O
of O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
A O
) O
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
B O
) O
related O
genes O
. O

Within O
the O
later O
, O
we O
observed O
subcategories O
that O
changed O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
. O

A O
rapid O
and O
sensitive O
method O
for O
the O
quantitation O
of O
microgram O
quantities O
of O
protein O
utilizing O
the O
principle O
of O
protein O
- O
dye O
binding O
. O

Under O
this O
scenario O
, O
increasing O
levels O
of O
IQD13 B-CommonName
can O
amplify O
the O
cortical O
microtubules O
, O
as O
well O
as O
the O
ability O
of O
each O
microtubule O
to O
inhibit O
the O
diffusion O
of O
active O
ROP11 B-CommonName
, O
which O
synergistically O
enhance O
their O
ability O
to O
con O
fi O
ne O
active O
ROP O
domains O
. O

200 O
- O
400 O
bp O
) O
on O
an O
agarose O
gel O
, O
and O
sequenced O
on O
an O
Illumina O
MiSeq O
. O

The O
outermost O
and O
second O
outermost O
rings O
indicate O
the O
transcript O
abundances O
in O
xylem B-Location
and O
cambium B-Location
/ O
phloem B-Location
samples O
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
consensus O
residues O
forming O
the O
SNBE O
site O
( O
19 O
bp O
) O
are O
underlined O
. O

The O
formation B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
ring I-Location
was O
still O
uncompleted O
, O
and O
secondary B-Location
vascular I-Location
tissues I-Location
showed O
delayed O
development B-Process
in O
the O
5 O
th O
internode B-Location
( O
Figure O
S7e O
, O
g O
) O
. O

This O
suggests O
that O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
and O
11 O
might O
have O
redundant O
functions O
as O
discussed O
below O
. O

1998 O
) O
ZmCOMT1 B-CommonName
KO O
, O
RNAi O
bm3 B-CommonName
( O
Piquemal O
et O
al O
. O

Large O
- O
scale O
screening O
of O
transcription O
factor O
- O
promoter O
interactions O
in O
spruce B-Species
reveals O
a O
transcriptional O
network O
involved O
in O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
. O

2 O
cm O
in O
length O
were O
longitudinally O
split O
with O
a O
razor O
blade O
and O
the O
pith O
was O
removed O
. O

Currently O
, O
the O
exact O
regu O
- O
latory O
mechanisms O
of O
auxin B-Compound
during O
cambium B-Location
division B-Process
in O
woody O
stems B-Location
have O
not O
been O
elucidated O
in O
great O
detail O
. O

moellendorf I-Species
fi I-Species
i I-Species
genome O
for O
the O
presence O
of O
putative O
HCT B-CommonName
homologs O
using O
AtHCT B-CommonName
as O
bait O
. O

Carbohydrate O
- O
binding O
module O
( O
CBM O
) O
protein O
CBM3a O
and O
LM10 O
were O
used O
to O
individually O
detect O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
xylan B-Compound
localized O
to O
the O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Pfam O
was O
the O
prediction O
method O
described O
in O
this O
study O
, O
and O
experimental O
data O
are O
shown O
in O
Figure O
5 O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Hybridization O
with O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
sense O
probe O
in O
radial O
longitudinal O
section O
, O
as O
negative O
control O
. O

Therefore O
, O
far O
fewer O
PtAP B-CommonName
genes O
were O
observed O
in O
P O
. O

Peptide O
intensities O
were O
log10 O
transformed O
and O
missing O
values O
were O
imputed O
for O
the O
total O
matrix O
from O
the O
normal O
distribution O
with O
a O
downshift O
of O
1 O
. O
8 O
and O
width O
of O
0 O
. O
3 O
. O

Data O
were O
collected O
and O
processed O
by O
Agilent O
ChemStation O
software O
. O

Zolman O
BK O
, O
Yoder O
A O
, O
Bartel O
B O
. O

EMSA O
analysis O
of O
the O
LTF1 B-CommonName
binding O
to O
the O
promoter O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

2011 O
) O
was O
used O
for O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
. O

Flavonoid B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
re O
- O
pressed O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
affects O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
and O
plant O
growth B-Process
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
one O
consisted O
of O
2 O
U O
of O
enzyme O
for O
mg O
of O
carbohydrate O
diluted O
in O
2 O
ml O
of O
10 O
mM O
Tris O
- O
maleate O
bu O
ff O
er O
for O
1 O
h O
at O
40 O
* O
C O
in O
a O
HLC O
thermomixer O
with O
smooth O
shaking O
( O
300 O
rpm O
) O
. O

In O
tomato B-Species
( O
Solanum B-Species
lycopersicum I-Species
) O
, O
intracellular O
injections O
of O
a O
fl O
uorescent O
dye O
revealed O
symplasmic O
connections O
between O
living O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
adjacent O
ray B-Location
pa I-Location
- I-Location
renchymal I-Location
cells I-Location
( O
van O
der O
Schoot O
and O
van O
Bel O
, O
1990 O
) O
. O

Five O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
, O
190 O
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
, O
and O
34 O
WRKY B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
were O
identified O
respectively O
from O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
transcriptome O
. O

Our O
network O
approach O
has O
iden O
- O
tified O
hundreds O
of O
novel O
regulators O
and O
provided O
considerable O
insight O
into O
the O
developmental O
regulation O
of O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

Given O
that O
IQD13 B-CommonName
associates O
with O
microtu O
- O
bules O
, O
we O
reasoned O
that O
the O
altered O
expression O
levels O
of O
IQD13 B-CommonName
might O
affect O
microtubule O
behavior O
. O

These O
ten O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
TFs O
are O
VND1 B-CommonName
- O
VND7 B-CommonName
, O
NST1 B-CommonName
, O
NST2 B-CommonName
and O
NST3 B-CommonName
( O
also O
known O
as O
SND1 B-CommonName
) O
. O

PLOS O
ONE O
11 O
: O
e0165975 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1371 O
/ O
journal O
. O
pone O
. O
0165975 O
. O

Wild O
type O
, O
control O
, O
and O
mutant O
seeds O
were O
imbibed O
on O
moist O
paper O
towels O
for O
7 O
days O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
and O
planted O
in O
potting O
mix O
( O
# O
2 O
; O
Conrad O
Fafard O
Inc O
. O

The O
biomass O
conversion O
rate O
of O
poplar B-Species
wood B-Compound
is O
higher O
than O
that O
of O
other O
tree O
species O
due O
to O
its O
less O
fermentation O
inhibitory O
extract O
( O
Guerra O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Average O
spectra O
of O
the O
ray B-Location
area O
selected O
for O
each O
of O
the O
cross O
- O
section O
images O
collected O
across O
the O
heartwood B-Compound
formation B-Process
zone O
. O

( O
B O
) O
pRLP44 O
: O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
background O
shows O
a O
growth B-Process
phenotype O
reminiscent O
of O
enhanced O
BR B-Compound
signaling O
. O

2019 O
The O
Authors O
New O
Phytologist O
2019 O
New O
Phytologist O
Trust O
New O
Phytologist O
( O
2019 O
) O
www O
. O
newphytologist O
. O
com O
New O
Phytologist O
Research O
7 O
NAC003 B-CommonName
is O
responsible O
for O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutant O
phenotype O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
, O
in O
which O
overexpression O
of O
poplar B-Species
VNS B-CommonName
genes O
preferentially O
induces O
ectopic O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
leaf B-Location
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
that O
are O
adjacent O
to O
veins O
. O

The O
centre O
of O
the O
six O
- O
atom O
ring O
was O
calculated O
by O
Arpeggio O
and O
is O
represented O
as O
a O
blue O
sphere O
. O

For O
generating O
the O
miR319 B-CommonName
- O
resistant O
mGhTCP4A O
, O
the O
sequence O
of O
AGG O
GGA O
CCC O
CTT O
CAG O
TCC O
was O
changed O
to O
CGA O
GGC O
CCA O
TTG O
CAA O
AGC O
by O
overlapping O
PCR O
, O
and O
mGhTCP4A O
was O
placed O
behind O
the O
GhRDL1 B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

1998 O
) O
and O
Triticum B-Species
aes I-Species
- I-Species
tivum I-Species
( O
Ma O
and O
Tian O
2005 O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
irx6 B-CommonName
mutant O
with O
a O
COBL4 B-CommonName
gene O
defect O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
exhibit O
reduced O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
, O
reduced O
stem B-Location
strength O
, O
and O
collapsed O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
due O
most O
likely O
to O
the O
impaired O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Brown O
et O
al O
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1714422114 O
10 O
of O
11 O
Other O
Supporting O
Information O
Files O
Dataset O
S1 O
( O
PDF O
) O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O

Subsequently O
, O
samples O
were O
grinded O
to O
1 O
mm O
size O
using O
a O
grinder O
Peppink O
200AN O
with O
a O
1 O
mm O
sifter O
. O

grandis I-Species
clone O
TAG0014 O
genome O
for O
all O
DHSs O
( O
left O
) O
, O
DHSs O
overlapping O
transcriptional O
start O
site O
- O
proximal O
CNSs O
( O
centre O
; O
n O
= O
4556 O
of O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
DHSs O
) O
and O
those O
that O
do O
not O
( O
right O
; O
n O
= O
20 O
419 O
for O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
DHSs O
) O
. O

1f O
) O
, O
which O
had O
wild O
type O
- O
like O
mucilage B-Compound
extrusion B-Process
indicating O
complete O
mum2 B-CommonName
complementation O
( O
Fig O
. O

Co O
- O
expressions O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
nRFP O
with O
cRFP O
and O
nRFP O
with O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
- O
cRFP O
were O
used O
as O
negative O
controls O
. O

After O
both O
fi O
l O
- O
tering O
steps O
, O
FastQC O
was O
run O
again O
to O
ensure O
that O
no O
technical O
artifacts O
were O
introduced O
. O

The O
20 O
peptides O
found O
matched O
the O
sequence O
of O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
, O
covered O
about O
35 O
% O
of O
the O
sequence O
and O
were O
all O
found O
in O
the O
recombinant O
puri O
fi O
ed O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
with O
none O
being O
BdPAL B-CommonName
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
4 O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
forms O
homotetramers O
in O
vivo O
. O

It O
is O
unclear O
if O
this O
strategy O
has O
also O
down O
- O
regulated O
LpCCR2 B-CommonName
and O
LpCCR3 B-CommonName
, O
as O
the O
sequence O
identity O
with O
this O
fragment O
is O
quite O
low O
( O
70 O
% O
and O
60 O
% O
, O
respectively O
) O
. O

6D O
) O
with O
fully O
differentiated O
IF B-Location
fiber I-Location
layers O
( O
Fig O
. O

ZmLac12_ O
B73 O
and O
ZmLac14_B73 O
are O
closely O
related O
to O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
and O
share O
over O
90 O
% O
sequence O
identity O
with O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
( O
Extended O
Data O
Fig O
. O

The O
union O
set O
of O
BLASTN O
result O
with O
A B-Species
. I-Species

In O
contrast O
, O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
largely O
underwent O
vacuole O
collapse O
and O
degradation B-Process
of O
cell O
contents O
( O
Fig O
. O

Intriguingly O
, O
we O
also O
observed O
that O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
stems B-Location
had O
markedly O
elongated O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
with O
a O
37 O
- O
60 O
% O
increase O
in O
length O
compared O
with O
wild O
- O
type O
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Edited O
by O
Oosterhuis O
D O
. O
, O
Cothren O
T O
. O

The O
NADPH O
binding O
residues O
were O
validated O
using O
crystallography O
( O
Pan O
et O
al O
. O

GUS O
activity O
directed O
by O
the O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
promoter O
in O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plants O
. O

A O
simple O
and O
efficient O
method O
for O
isolating O
RNA O
from O
pine O
tree O
. O

uropfiyllu O
clones O
are O
used O
as O
pollinators O
. O

Coimmunoprecipitation O
experi O
- O
ments O
in O
Nicotiana O
benthamiana O
showed O
that O
PSKR1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
( O
34 O
) O
was O
present O
in O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
RFP O
( O
35 O
) O
immunoprecipitates O
( O
Fig O
. O

Therefore O
, O
acetylation B-Process
contributes O
to O
sec O
- O
ondary O
wall B-Compound
architecture O
. O

Thus O
, O
potential O
signi O
fi O
cant O
variations O
that O
are O
the O
basis O
of O
the O
comparisons O
to O
evaluate O
whether O
genes O
are O
coregulated O
may O
actually O
be O
considered O
as O
differences O
in O
the O
background O
noise O
and O
overlooked O
. O

This O
family O
, O
designated O
HB B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
, O
comprises O
eight O
members O
in O
poplar B-Species
( O
Fig O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
27 O
: O
1869 O
- O
1875 O
Huang O
Y O
, O
Wang O
J O
, O
Zhang O
L O
et O
al O
( O
2013 O
) O
A O
cotton B-Species
annexin B-CommonName
protein O
AnxGb6 B-CommonName
regulates O
fiber B-Location
elongation B-Process
through O
its O
interaction O
with O
actin B-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
. O

( O
Next O
pages O
) O
Illustration O
of O
the O
complexity O
of O
combinatorial O
coupling O
when O
monolignol B-Compound
ferulates B-Compound
are O
incorporated O
into O
lignification B-Process
. O

Polyamine B-CommonName
oxidase5 I-CommonName
regulates O
arabidopsis B-Species
growth B-Process
through O
thermospermine B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
activity O
. O

Genome O
- O
wide O
mining O
of O
respiratory O
burst O
homologs O
and O
its O
expression O
in O
response O
to O
biotic O
and O
abiotic O
stresses O
in O
Triticum B-Species
aestivum I-Species
. O

9 O
School O
of O
Forestry O
and O
Resource O
Conservation O
, O
National O
Taiwan O
University O
, O
Taipei O
10617 O
, O
Taiwan O
. O

Relative O
LUC O
activity O
in O
protoplasts O
transfected O
with O
the O
effector O
construct O
harboring O
CaMV35Spro O
: O
: O
: O
: O
CaMV35Ster O
( O
the O
only O
regulatory O
el O
- O
ements O
) O
and O
the O
reporter O
construct O
harboring O
CEP1pro O
( O
- O
555 O
) O
: O
: O
LUC O
: O
: O
CaMV35Ster O
was O
defined O
as O
1 O
. O
0 O
. O

( O
D O
) O
The O
3 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plant O
transformed O
with O
p35S O
: O
: O
mGhTCP4A B-CommonName
( O
35S O
: O
: O
mGhTCP4 B-CommonName
) O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
With O
identification O
of O
94 O
BAHD B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
HXXXD I-CommonName
family I-CommonName
of I-CommonName
acyltrans I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ferase I-CommonName
sequences O
from O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
main O
part O
of O
biomass O
in O
tree O
species O
is O
wood B-Compound
or O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
, O
which O
represents O
a O
renewable O
resource O
for O
paper O
, O
pulp O
and O
biofuel O
production O
( O
Demura O
& O
Ye O
2010 O
) O
. O

A O
number O
of O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
obtained O
. O

Structural O
characterization O
of O
the O
models O
by O
thioacidolysis O
. O

Protein O
Interactions O
For O
split O
- O
luciferase O
complementation O
assay O
, O
the O
CDSs O
of O
IIP4 B-CommonName
and O
the O
indicated O
genes O
were O
cloned O
and O
fused O
with O
the O
N O
and O
C O
terminus O
of O
luciferase O
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
major O
band O
correlating O
with O
the O
C3H B-CommonName
activity O
in O
the O
main O
peak O
of O
the O
partially O
puri O
fi O
ed O
C3H B-CommonName
was O
subjected O
to O
sodium O
dodecyl O
sulphate O
- O
polyacrylamide O
gel O
electrophoresis O
( O
SDS O
- O
PAGE O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

Emerging O
also O
are O
networks O
extracted O
from O
protein O
- O
protein O
interactions O
or O
protein O
complexes O
( O
Ito O
et O
al O
. O

Analyzed O
the O
data O
: O
RM O
BC O
. O

The O
next O
subsections O
describe O
these O
steps O
. O

The O
fold O
changes O
were O
calculated O
based O
on O
the O
relative O
enrichment O
in O
anti O
- O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
compared O
with O
Input O
. O

RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
were O
fi O
ltered O
and O
clustered O
based O
on O
the O
expression O
level O
of O
transcripts O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
products O
of O
these O
genes O
based O
on O
GO O
annotations O
and O
publications O
. O

The O
slope O
of O
the O
lines O
in O
the O
kymograph O
( O
Fig O
. O

Even O
with O
perfect O
data O
on O
species O
' O
distributions O
, O
the O
" O
Noah O
' O
s O
Ark O
effect O
" O
( O
28 O
) O
renders O
simple O
optimal O
allocation O
of O
priority O
areas O
meaningless O
. O

The O
genes O
encoding O
enzymes O
involved O
in O
several O
reaction O
steps O
were O
not O
co O
- O
regulated O
with O
xylan B-Compound
modification B-Process
genes O
( O
steps O
10 O
- O
17 O
) O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
these O
genes O
was O
queried O
to O
determine O
whether O
they O
are O
expressed O
at O
all O
in O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

( O
C O
) O
The O
internode B-Location
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
were O
probed O
with O
antibody O
LM11 O
. O

Samples O
that O
are O
clustered O
closer O
show O
more O
similar O
gene O
expression O
patterns O
. O

Based O
on O
our O
results O
, O
BSH1 B-CommonName
in O
fl O
uences O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
wax B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

IAA B-Compound
, O
the O
most O
important O
natural O
auxin B-Compound
, O
is O
required O
for O
fiber B-Location
production O
from O
unfertilized O
ovules B-Location
in O
culture O
10 O
. O

The O
majority O
of O
the O
tdT O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
signal O
is O
only O
seen O
within O
distinct O
bright O
puncta O
( O
yellow O
arrowheads O
) O
that O
are O
larger O
than O
typical O
SmaCCs O
but O
still O
partially O
co O
- O
localize O
with O
YFP O
- O
CESA7 B-CommonName
signal O
. O

The O
experiments O
were O
repeated O
three O
times O
with O
similar O
results O
. O

* O
* O
: O
mean O
performance O
of O
the O
transgenic O
di O
ff O
ered O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
from O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

About O
one O
hundred O
mg O
of O
fi O
nely O
ground O
plant O
material O
were O
added O
to O
1 O
mL O
of O
an O
eth O
- O
anol O
: O
water O
mixture O
( O
80 O
: O
20 O
, O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
The O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
tissues I-Location
collected O
from O
stems B-Location
of O
1 O
- O
year O
old O
trees O
were O
ground O
to O
fi O
ne O
powder O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
. O

Thus O
, O
a O
normalized O
cDNA O
library O
should O
be O
constructed O
in O
order O
to O
estimate O
NMD O
targets O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
[ O
2 O
] O
. O

A O
summary O
of O
the O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
and O
its O
implications O
can O
be O
found O
in O
Table O
2 O
. O

SS O
is O
financially O
supported O
by O
the O
Flanders O
Research O
Foundation O
( O
12M3418N O
) O
. O

( O
b O
) O
The O
calculated O
average O
wood B-Compound
density O
of O
the O
basal O
stems B-Location
of O
B8 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
aspens B-Species
. O

Although O
xylan B-Compound
is O
essential O
for O
the O
normal O
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
assembly B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
its O
pres O
- O
ence O
contributes O
to O
biomass O
recalcitrance O
for O
biofuel O
production B-Process
[ O
8 O
] O
. O

The O
validity O
of O
these O
results O
is O
supported O
by O
strong O
GUS O
activity O
in O
expanding B-Location
shoot I-Location
tissues I-Location
, O
as O
expected O
from O
prior O
genetic O
analysis O
, O
as O
well O
as O
by O
the O
high O
expression O
of O
each O
of O
these O
genes O
in O
trichomes B-Location
and O
processed O
shoots B-Location
as O
determined O
by O
microarray O
and O
/ O
or O
qPCR O
analysis O
. O

The O
gene O
models O
of O
Pabies1 O
. O
0 O
contain O
' O
laccase B-CommonName
' O
in O
annotation O
of O
112 O
gene O
models O
, O
of O
which O
79 O
are O
expressed O
at O
some O
level O
in O
the O
transcriptome O
analysis O
( O
Nystedt O
et O
al O
. O

10 O
% O
running O
gels O
were O
typically O
used O
. O

At2S3 B-CommonName
was O
used O
as O
a O
marker O
of O
the O
impact O
of O
the O
mutations O
studied O
on O
the O
maturation B-Process
stage O
of O
embryo B-Location
development B-Process
: O
its O
expression O
is O
severely O
reduced O
in O
the O
lines O
harboring O
at O
least O
the O
abi3 B-CommonName
mutation O
or O
in O
the O
fus3 B-CommonName
/ O
lec2 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
, O
less O
affected O
in O
the O
fus3 B-CommonName
background O
and O
almost O
unchanged O
in O
lec2 B-CommonName
, O
in O
agreement O
with O
previously O
published O
results O
[ O
22 O
] O
. O

Validation O
by O
transient O
expression O
assay O
The O
results O
of O
the O
Y1H O
assay O
were O
validated O
, O
in O
planta O
, O
by O
examining O
the O
interaction O
between O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
and O
cis O
- O
elements O
using O
a O
beta O
glucuronidase O
( O
GUS O
) O
reporter O
gene O
assay O
. O

Mutations O
in O
various O
plant O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
have O
given O
a O
consistent O
picture O
of O
their O
proteins O
being O
involved O
in O
either O
primary O
or O
secondary O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

After O
that O
, O
Table O
1 O
Statistics O
of O
the O
garlic B-Species
unigene O
library O
. O

These O
results O
support O
EIN3 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
transcriptional O
regulation O
of O
a O
subset O
of O
the O
ethylene B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
responsive I-CommonName
TFs O
and O
thus O
their O
potential O
function O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
an O
ethylene B-Compound
- O
dependent O
manner O
. O

Total O
proteins O
were O
extracted O
, O
and O
an O
immunoblotting O
assay O
was O
performed O
using O
anti O
- O
bodies O
against O
FLAG O
and O
actin O
( O
F O
) O
. O

Gene O
expression O
was O
measured O
in O
the O
basal O
region O
of O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stem I-Location
by O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
. O

Phyloge O
- O
netic O
and O
molecular O
evolutionary O
analyses O
were O
conducted O
using O
MEGA O
version O
4 O
, O
and O
the O
neighbor O
- O
joining O
( O
NJ O
) O
method O
was O
used O
to O
build O
phylogenetic O
trees O
( O
Tamura O
et O
al O
. O

Nonetheless O
, O
the O
smaller O
seed B-Location
size O
is O
not O
of O
con O
- O
cern O
because O
the O
seed B-Location
index O
was O
still O
in O
the O
range O
of O
most O
commercial O
cotton B-Species
cultivars O
( O
9 O
- O
12 O
g O
) O
. O

Carbohydrate O
analysis O
For O
the O
determination O
of O
glucose B-Compound
, O
fructose B-Compound
and O
sucrose B-Compound
, O
carbohydrates O
were O
extracted O
from O
100 O
mg O
of O
frozen O
material O
with O
500 O
mu O
l O
of O
80 O
% O
ethanol O
at O
80 O
[ O
? O
] O
C O
for O
30 O
min O
, O
followed O
by O
further O
washing O
with O
250 O
mu O
l O
of O
50 O
% O
ethanol O
at O
80 O
[ O
? O
] O
C O
for O
20 O
min O
and O
two O
additional O
washed O
with O
250 O
mu O
l O
water O
. O

glandulosa I-Species
Plant O
Cell O
Reports O
1 O
3 O
To O
identify O
potential O
miRNAs O
involved O
in O
wood B-Compound
forma B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
in O
these O
two O
species O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
204 O
miRNAs O
identified O
in O
poplar B-Species
xylem B-Location
with O
the O
239 O
miRNAs O
identified O
in O
larch B-Species
xylem B-Location
. O

We O
chose O
L365F O
and O
D395D O
because O
they O
are O
not O
within O
4 O
A O
of O
the O
predicted O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
binding O
site O
nor O
within O
5 O
A O
of O
predicted O
ES20 O
binding O
site O
. O

This O
difference O
was O
especially O
pronounced O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
, O
where O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
had O
126 O
% O
higher O
dry O
weight O
than O
the O
control O
plants O
. O

35S O
: O
: O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
plasmid O
was O
used O
as O
the O
effector O
plasmid O
. O

C O
- O
SRs O
are O
probably O
responsible O
for O
regulating O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
at O
different O
develop O
- O
mental O
stages O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
dicoty O
- O
ledonous O
woody O
plants O
can O
develop O
specialized O
G O
- O
layers O
( O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
) O
that O
are O
thick O
and O
enriched O
in O
highly O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
that O
are O
digestible O
and O
display O
a O
composition O
similar O
to O
primary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
11 O
. O

Anti O
- O
FLAG O
antibody O
- O
coupled O
agarose O
beads O
( O
Sigma O
) O
were O
used O
to O
co O
- O
precipitate O
LTF1 B-CommonName
with O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
. O

Mass O
signatures O
detected O
in O
fewer O
than O
two O
technical O
repetitions O
and O
two O
conditions O
were O
dis O
- O
carded O
. O

lbd4 B-CommonName
also O
enhanced O
the O
defect O
in O
phloem B-Location
distribution O
alongthevascularradialaxisofpxy O
( O
Figure6Candredarrowheads O
in O
Figure O
6E O
) O
. O

Downloaded O
from O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
academic O
. O
oup O
. O
com O
/ O
treephys O
/ O
article O
- O
abstract O
/ O
39 O
/ O
4 O
/ O
514 O
/ O
5365395 O
by O
NATIONAL O
TAIWAN O
UNIVERSITY O
LIBRARY O
user O
on O
04 O
March O
2020 O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
with O
indistinct O
SCW B-Compound
layers O
( O
extremely O
thin O
S O
1 O
and O
thick O
S O
2 O
) O
( O
Figure O
3B O
) O
. O

A O
total O
of O
152 O
homologous O
pairs O
were O
detected O
among O
the O
three O
species O
. O

No O
separation O
was O
evident O
between O
the O
WT O
and O
DIMOX O
samples O
. O

2007 O
) O
, O
scoring O
peptide O
signals O
common O
to O
plants O
. O

Since O
we O
had O
previously O
iden O
- O
tified O
RLP44 B-CommonName
as O
an O
activator O
of O
BR B-Compound
signaling O
, O
we O
analyzed O
the O
root B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
a O
number O
of O
BR B-Compound
- O
related O
mutants O
spanning O
a O
broad O
range O
of O
growth B-Process
phenotypes O
. O

After O
initiation O
, O
the O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
undergoes O
1000 O
- O
to O
3000 O
- O
fold O
elongation B-Process
during O
its O
development B-Process
. O

Our O
aim O
was O
to O
study O
whether O
the O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
the O
expression O
of O
this O
gene O
could O
lead O
to O
changes O
affect O
- O
ing O
metabolic O
pathways O
. O

Effect O
of O
salt O
stress O
on O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
and O
ROS B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
contents O
in O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
lines O
at O
different O
salt O
concentrations O
were O
estimated O
. O

was O
selected O
and O
its O
monolignol B-Compound
transferase O
activities O
Angelica B-Species
sinensis I-Species
contain O
more O
digestible O
lignin B-Compound
monomers O
, O
( O
p O
. O

Figure O
1F O
clearly O
shows O
that O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
- O
OSK1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
20 I-CommonName
can O
interact O
with O
CUL1g B-CommonName
and O
CUL5g B-CommonName
and O
form O
two O
SCF O
complexes O
Plant O
Physiol O
. O

S1 O
to O
S18 O
Table O
S1 O
References O
Materials O
and O
Methods O
Cell O
culture O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cell O
suspension O
Col O
- O
0 O
was O
maintained O
and O
used O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
5 O
) O
. O

The O
LASSO O
model O
: O
min O
d O
a O
0 O
; O
a O
j O
Th O
1 O
2n O
X O
n O
i O
1 O
/ O
4 O
1 O
y O
i O
a O
0 O
X O
p O
j O
1 O
/ O
4 O
1 O
x O
ij O
a O
j O
! O
2 O
th O
k O
X O
p O
j O
1 O
/ O
4 O
1 O
ja O
j O
j O
; O
( O
4 O
) O
where O
y O
i O
is O
the O
phenotypic O
value O
of O
an O
individual O
i O
( O
i O
= O
1 O
, O
. O

The O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
characteristics O
and O
expression O
pattern O
in O
the O
plants O
restored O
by O
the O
chimeric O
MYB46 B-CommonName
activator O
were O
also O
dif O
- O
ferent O
from O
those O
of O
other O
restored O
lines O
. O

The O
cotton B-Species
beta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
galactosyltransferase I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
GalT1 B-CommonName
) O
that O
galactosylates B-Compound
arabinogalactan B-Compound
- O
proteins O
participates O
in O
controlling O
fiber B-Location
develop B-Process
- I-Process
ment I-Process
. O

the O
CesA B-CommonName
speed O
changed O
with O
more O
or O
less O
than O
90 O
nm O
/ O
min O
, O
they O
were O
referred O
to O
as O
deviating O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
trajectory O
. O

3J O
- O
L O
) O
, O
that O
are O
located O
immediately O
around O
the O
stele B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

A O
role O
for O
heteroxylan B-Compound
in O
cellulose B-Compound
micro O
- O
fi O
bril O
deposition B-Process
would O
also O
be O
consistent O
with O
the O
AX1 O
- O
rich O
inner O
layer O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
next O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

In O
conclusion O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
was O
generally O
related O
to O
non O
- O
growing O
tissues O
, O
and O
its O
overexpression O
caused O
a O
growth B-Process
reduction O
as O
well O
as O
a O
delay O
in O
plant O
development B-Process
. O

Variation O
in O
wood B-Compound
properties O
likely O
depends O
on O
variation O
in O
genes O
involved O
in O
xylogenesis B-Process
( O
Neale O
and O
Savolainen O
2004 O
; O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Intracellular O
CESA B-CommonName
compartments O
were O
defined O
as O
outlined O
in O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

Douglas O
, O
Developmentally O
regulated O
pat O
- O
terns O
of O
expression O
directed O
by O
poplar B-Species
PSL B-CommonName
promoters O
in O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
, O
Plant O
Mol O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
samples O
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
, O
consistent O
with O
previous O
studies O
( O
Olson O
et O
al O
. O

ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
or O
biotic O
stress O
) O
, O
their O
action O
cannot O
be O
inferred O
from O
sequence O
similarity O
. O

The O
fold O
library O
contained O
47615 O
entries O
and O
the O
Intensive O
Modeling O
Mode O
option O
was O
selected O
. O

Benjamini O
Y O
, O
Hochberg O
Y O
: O
Controlling O
the O
false O
discovery O
rate O
: O
a O
practical O
and O
powerful O
approach O
to O
multiple O
testing O
. O

The O
transcription O
of O
HD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Zip I-CommonName
III I-CommonName
genes O
is O
thought O
to O
be O
activated O
by O
the O
TMO6 B-CommonName
paralogue O
PEAR1 B-CommonName
during O
primary B-Process
patterning I-Process
of O
the O
root B-Location
vascular I-Location
cylinder I-Location
( O
Miyashima O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2019 O
) O
. O

Arrow O
indicate O
the O
GUS O
staining O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

CLE41 B-CommonName
and O
CLE44 B-CommonName
genes O
are O
expressed O
in O
the O
phloem B-Location
tissues I-Location
and O
neighbouring O
cells O
in O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
and O
hypocotyl B-Location
( O
Hirakawa O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2008 O
; O
Etchells O
& O
Turner O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
a O
question O
still O
remains O
as O
to O
how O
these O
transcription O
factors O
properly O
coordinate O
the O
various O
cellular O
components O
to O
meet O
the O
demand O
for O
protein O
synthesis B-Process
occurring O
in O
the O
cytoplasm O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
19 O
: O
148 O
- O
162 O
Boerjan O
W O
, O
Ralph O
J O
, O
Baucher O
M O
( O
2003 O
) O
Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Springer O
, O
New O
York O
, O
NY O
, O
USA O
. O

The O
red O
closed O
square O
, O
open O
square O
, O
and O
triangle O
indicate O
D O
and O
its O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice O
homologs O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
and O
OsD B-CommonName
, O
respectively O
. O

451 O
- O
458 O
doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1111 O
/ O
pbi O
. O
12784 O
stage O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

To O
verify O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
promoter O
activity O
, O
we O
generated O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plants O
expressing O
the O
PtrMX3Pro O
: O
: O
GUS O
construct O
. O

The O
BiFC O
assay O
in O
differentiating O
metaxylem B-Location
cells I-Location
re O
- O
vealed O
preferential O
signals O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

S2 O
Performance O
of O
various O
peak O
- O
calling O
algorithms O
in O
identi O
- O
fying O
DHSs O
. O

The O
results O
demonstrate O
a O
plausible O
mechanism O
where O
cross O
- O
family O
heterodimerization O
may O
suppress O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
self O
- O
activation O
( O
Fig O
. O

Unmasking O
of O
the O
AX1 O
epitope O
in O
the O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
mature B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
is O
shown O
by O
arrows O
in O
( O
D O
) O
, O
( O
E O
) O
, O
( O
I O
) O
and O
( O
J O
) O
. O

The O
progressing O
dispute O
soundly O
demonstrates O
that O
the O
knowledge O
on O
plant O
PCD B-Process
is O
incomplete O
and O
for O
more O
precise O
discrimination O
of O
PCD B-Process
classes O
, O
additional O
biochemical O
and O
molecular O
criteria O
should O
be O
considered O
. O

Four O
other O
seedlings O
were O
sprayed O
with O
the O
methanol O
( O
0 O
. O
1 O
% O
) O
only O
as O
control O
. O

SWAM1 B-CommonName
is O
an O
activator O
of O
stem B-Location
lignin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
149 O
( O
2020 O
) O
217 O
- O
224 O
218 O
( O
KF305681 O
) O
was O
used O
as O
the O
reference O
sequence O
( O
Ding O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2019 O
) O
. O

In O
Vitro O
Activity O
of O
PtACT41 B-CommonName
Recombinant O
Enzymes O
. O

Protein O
- O
DNA O
interactions O
( O
edges O
) O
between O
proteins O
and O
promoters O
( O
nodes O
) O
in O
the O
original O
network O
were O
replaced O
by O
' O
power O
edges O
' O
betweenoverlapping O
' O
powernodes O
' O
14 O
. O
Apoweredgeexistsbetween O
suites O
of O
transcription O
factors O
that O
bind O
to O
the O
same O
set O
of O
promoters O
. O

41 O
Together O
, O
our O
results O
provide O
important O
insights O
into O
the O
molecular O
framework O
for O
the O
42 O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
. O

Results O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SE O
, O
n O
= O
20 O
for O
each O
line O
. O

Conversely O
, O
the O
H O
units O
were O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
decreased O
in O
all O
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
compared O
with O
the O
control O
. O

An O
intracellular O
working O
model O
was O
constructed O
outlining O
common O
and O
unique O
machinery O
in O
both O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
( O
Figure O
S3C O
, O
Figure O
4 O
) O
. O

Y2H O
using O
pBRIDGE O
does O
not O
have O
standard O
controls O
. O

We O
treated O
the O
NIL O
- O
CEF1 B-CommonName
and O
NIL O
- O
cef1 B-CommonName
plants O
with O
exog O
- O
enous O
GA B-Compound
and O
examined O
CESAs B-CommonName
and O
BC1 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
the O
shoots B-Location
. O

These O
pheno O
- O
types O
persisted O
throughout O
development B-Process
until O
plants O
completely O
senesced O
( O
Figure O
3B O
) O
. O

Quantitative O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
RNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
maize B-Species
tissues O
using O
the O
RNAqueous O
kit O
( O
Ambion O
) O
and O
treated O
twice O
with O
a O
Turbo O
DNase O
- O
free O
kit O
( O
Ambion O
) O
( O
) O
. O

2c O
) O
, O
with O
the O
number O
of O
xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
significantly O
higher O
in O
OXPdWND3A B-CommonName
trans O
- O
genic O
plants O
compared O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
WV94 O
( O
Fig O
. O

To O
deter O
- O
mine O
the O
transcriptional O
activity O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
, O
we O
performed O
a O
transac O
- O
tivation O
assay O
using O
a O
yeast O
activation O
system O
. O

Red O
and O
blue O
arrowheads O
indicate O
polymorphisms O
with O
or O
without O
amino O
acid O
changes O
, O
respectively O
. O

Seedlings O
were O
mounted O
between O
# O
1 O
. O
5 O
45 O
x O
40 O
and O
24 O
x O
24 O
mm O
coverslips O
with O
water O
and O
sealed O
with O
silicone O
vacuum O
grease O
. O

Based O
on O
their O
in O
vitro O
activities O
and O
gene O
expression O
, O
laccases B-CommonName
in O
plants O
are O
reputedly O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
( O
Sterji O
- O
ades O
et O
al O
. O

All O
constructs O
were O
introduced O
into O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
Col O
- O
0 O
) O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
via O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
( O
Bechtold O
and O
Pelletier O
1998 O
) O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
valorization O
: O
improving O
lignin B-Compound
processing O
in O
the O
biore O
fi O
nery O
. O

Foster O
CE O
, O
Martin O
TM O
, O
Pauly O
M O
( O
2010b O
) O
Comprehensive O
compositional O
analysis O
of O
plant B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
lignocellulosic O
biomass O
) O
part O
I O
: O
lignin B-Compound
. O

miRNAs O
generated O
from O
single O
- O
strand O
RNA O
precursors O
form O
hairpin O
structures O
to O
regulate O
diverse O
aspects O
of O
plant O
development B-Process
( O
Larue O
et O
al O
. O

Indeed O
, O
selective O
inactivation O
of O
plasma O
membrane O
protein O
by O
endocytosis B-Process
and O
degradation B-Process
via O
ubiquitination O
has O
been O
well O
characterized O
( O
45 O
) O
and O
has O
been O
demonstrated O
for O
several O
plasma O
- O
membrane O
proteins O
including O
the O
auxin B-Compound
- O
efflux O
protein O
PIN2 B-CommonName
( O
46 O
) O
and O
the O
boron O
carrier O
BOR1 B-CommonName
( O
47 O
) O
. O

This O
XylT B-CommonName
activity O
correlates O
with O
increased O
xylan B-Compound
content O
and O
is O
the O
most O
promising O
plant O
model O
in O
which O
it O
is O
sufficiently O
active O
in O
in O
vitro O
microsomal O
prepara O
- O
tions O
to O
enable O
purification O
of O
the O
native O
xylan B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
protein O
complex O
( O
XylS B-CommonName
) O
. O

( O
1977 O
) O
Changes O
in O
biochemical O
compos O
- O
ition O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
the O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
during O
development B-Process
. O

Support O
for O
SW O
from O
the O
University O
of O
British O
Columbia O
Faculty O
of O
Science O
following O
Dr O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Quantification O
of O
metaxylem B-Location
cell I-Location
number O
in O
bak1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
and O
triple O
- O
serk B-CommonName
mutants O
. O

Nine O
hundred O
mu O
L O
of O
cell O
culture O
was O
removed O
and O
combined O
with O
100 O
mu O
L O
3 O
. O
7 O
% O
sterile O
formaldehyde O
to O
fix O
cells O
. O

In O
this O
case O
, O
the O
discrepancy O
between O
the O
transient O
expression O
assay O
and O
the O
messenger O
RNA O
( O
mRNA O
) O
levels O
in O
the O
plants O
could O
be O
due O
to O
another O
factor O
( O
s O
) O
in O
the O
SCW B-Compound
transcriptional O
regulatory O
network O
( O
s O
) O
that O
can O
directly O
control O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
under O
the O
in O
fl O
uence O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
. O

Finally O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
elongation B-Process
patterns O
of O
internodes B-Location
in O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
plants O
. O

Mean O
values O
+ O
- O
SE O
are O
shown O
. O

The O
formation B-Process
and O
properties O
of O
reaction O
wood B-Compound
in O
gymnosperm O
differ O
from O
those O
in O
angiosperm O
. O

In O
summary O
, O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
is O
produced O
in O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
acts O
in O
cambium B-Location
region I-Location
to O
inhibit O
cambium B-Location
cell I-Location
dividing O
activity O
( O
Figure O
7 O
) O
. O

As O
such O
, O
the O
best O
insights O
into O
the O
fi O
ner O
metabolic O
prop O
- O
erties O
of O
transformants O
were O
gained O
from O
t O
- O
test O
based O
analyses O
. O

To O
inspect O
the O
relationship O
between O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
and O
other O
lac B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
cases I-CommonName
that O
were O
previously O
reported O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
lig B-Process
- I-Process
nification I-Process
, O
a O
multiple O
sequence O
alignment O
was O
carried O
out O
with O
characterized O
laccase B-CommonName
proteins O
( O
Fig O
. O

3 O
and O
4 O
) O
, O
since O
the O
two O
softwares O
chose O
different O
candidates O
( O
namely O
ADF1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
PAB4 I-CommonName
by O
NormFinder O
and O
TFIIA B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
eIF4A I-CommonName
by O
geNorm O
PLUS O
; O
Fig O
. O

Primer O
Sequence O
and O
PCR O
conditions O
for O
all O
the O
genes O
used O
for O
Semi O
- O
quantitative O
and O
Real O
Time O
expression O
analysis O
. O

Ensembl O
general O
feature O
format O
( O
GFF O
; O
gene O
sets O
) O
information O
was O
utilized O
to O
build O
the O
P B-Species
. I-Species

PpCESA3 B-CommonName
, O
PpCESA5 B-CommonName
and O
PpCESA8 B-CommonName
were O
down O
- O
regulated O
in O
the O
dark O
. O

The O
TAG0014 O
re O
- O
sequencing O
data O
were O
used O
as O
the O
background O
con O
- O
trol O
. O

The O
slightly O
different O
structure O
of O
the O
new O
HCT B-CommonName
acceptors O
described O
in O
this O
study O
could O
in O
fl O
uence O
their O
binding O
to O
the O
active O
site O
of O
the O
enzyme O
and O
explain O
the O
higher O
apparent O
K O
m O
values O
of O
HCT B-CommonName
for O
these O
substrates O
compared O
with O
shikimate B-Compound
. O

Therefore O
, O
PER36_0 O
. O
2p O
: O
: O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
lines O
were O
excluded O
from O
further O
analysis O
. O

The O
receptor O
activity O
is O
regulated O
by O
calmodulin O
( O
Sauter O
2015 O
) O
. O

DOI O
: O
10 O
. O
7554 O
/ O
eLife O
. O
01567 O
. O
009 O
The O
following O
figure O
supplements O
are O
available O
for O
figure O
5 O
: O
Figure O
supplement O
1 O
. O

Nonetheless O
, O
1 O
, O
073 O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
were O
detected O
between O
developing B-Location
ray I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
tracheids B-Location
, O
among O
which O
a O
set O
of O
genes O
expressed O
only O
in O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
was O
identi O
fi O
ed O
. O

Improved O
Gateway O
binary O
vectors O
: O
high O
- O
performance O
vectors O
for O
creation O
of O
fusion O
constructs O
in O
transgenic O
analysis O
of O
plants O
. O

The O
fusion O
vector O
was O
transformed O
into O
yeast O
strains O
AH109 O
and O
Y187 O
( O
containing O
the O
ADE2 B-CommonName
and O
LacZ O
reporter O
genes O
) O
, O
respectively O
. O

There O
are O
several O
reports O
that O
genes O
associated O
with O
calmodulin O
and O
calmodulin O
- O
binding O
proteins O
are O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
fiber B-Location
initials O
and O
during O
fiber B-Location
elongation B-Process
by O
expression O
profile O
analysis O
( O
Lee O
et O
al O
. O

DNA O
samples O
for O
genotyping O
were O
extracted O
from O
F O
2 O
plants O
by O
the O
cetyltrimethylammonium O
bromide O
( O
CTAB O
) O
method O
. O

The O
variable O
region O
of O
a O
ROPGEF B-CommonName
can O
prevent O
its O
PRONE O
domain O
from O
accessing O
ROPs B-CommonName
( O
17 O
) O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
sacchari O
fi O
cation O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
in O
our O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
increased O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
by O
up O
to O
8 O
% O
at O
24 O
h O
( O
Figure O
6 O
) O
. O

Vasculature B-Location
regeneration B-Process
and O
auxin B-Compound
channel O
formation B-Process
in O
big O
PIN B-CommonName
tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
- O
defective O
mutants O
. O

However O
, O
it O
is O
unclear O
how O
phosphorylation B-Process
affects O
the O
functions O
of O
these O
proteins O
. O

We O
also O
manually O
aligned O
the O
I2 O
of O
each O
of O
the O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
genes O
and O
found O
no O
branch O
point O
- O
specific O
sequences O
for O
IR O
genes O
. O

In O
both O
treatments O
, O
the O
second O
- O
ary O
xylem B-Location
was O
well O
developed O
and O
no O
obvious O
differences O
in O
stem B-Location
maturation O
were O
apparent O
in O
this O
region O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
. O

Representative O
leaf B-Location
pictures O
are O
shown O
( O
top O
) O
. O

These O
two O
vectors O
were O
then O
transformed O
into O
Agrobacterium O
tumefaciens O
( O
EHA105 O
) O
through O
a O
freeze O
- O
thaw O
method O
( O
Chen O
et O
al O
. O

This O
tissue O
, O
composed O
of O
fi O
ve O
cell O
layers O
and O
which O
differentiates O
primarily O
from O
cells O
of O
the O
ovule B-Location
integuments I-Location
, O
undergoes O
a O
dramatic O
differentiation B-Process
process O
during O
which O
cells O
of O
both O
outer O
integument O
layers O
produce O
a O
thick O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
[ O
27 O
, O
28 O
] O
. O

See O
Appendix O
S1 O
, O
for O
gene O
accession O
numbers O
. O

Data O
are O
means O
SD O
of O
three O
biological O
repeats O
. O

MsLAC1 B-CommonName
complements O
the O
lignification B-Process
- O
deficient O
Arabidopsis B-Species
double O
mutant O
lac4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
lac17 B-CommonName
. O

The O
fragile O
Fiber1 O
kinesin B-CommonName
contributes O
to O
cortical O
microtubule O
- O
mediated O
traf B-Process
fi I-Process
cking I-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
. O

For O
comparison O
, O
values O
for O
soluble O
culture O
medium O
peroxidases B-CommonName
PAPX4 B-CommonName
and O
PAPX5 B-CommonName
( O
Koutaniemi O
et O
al O
. O

Simple O
sequence O
repeat O
( O
SSR O
) O
and O
new O
InDel O
markers O
for O
fi O
ne O
mapping O
were O
developed O
based O
on O
the O
sequence O
polymorphisms O
between O
Nipponbare O
and O
9311 O
. O

DCB O
has O
been O
widely O
used O
as O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
inhibitor O
in O
plants O
. O

The O
arrow O
head O
indicates O
free O
probes O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
revealed O
complete O
conservation O
of O
the O
mature O
region O
( O
Figure O
1B O
) O
, O
strongly O
supporting O
the O
idea O
that O
the O
miRNA O
mature O
sequence O
is O
highly O
conserved O
so O
that O
it O
can O
maintain O
its O
functions O
across O
multiple O
species O
( O
Voinnet O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

35 O
) O
seeds O
were O
germinated O
on O
vertically O
placed O
1 O
/ O
2 O
MS O
plates O
. O

NBO O
revealed O
that O
WT O
lignins B-Compound
were O
mainly O
composed O
of O
G O
units O
, O
as O
described O
before O
( O
Rogers O
et O
al O
. O

D O
expression O
was O
spatiotemporally O
coupled O
with O
the O
appearance O
of O
dead O
, O
air O
- O
filled O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
in O
sorghum B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

There O
- O
fore O
, O
it O
is O
other O
NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
but O
not O
ATAF1 B-CommonName
that O
regulate O
WAK1 B-CommonName
expres O
- O
sion O
under O
Al O
stress O
. O

Tzoumaki O
MV O
, O
Biliaderis O
CG O
, O
Vasilakakis O
M O
. O

BMC O
Plant O
Biology O
( O
2019 O
) O
19 O
: O
552 O
Page O
9 O
of O
18 O
Plant O
growth B-Process
of O
p35S O
: O
: O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
p35S O
: O
: O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
lines O
under O
constant O
light O
was O
negatively O
affected O
when O
compared O
with O
Col O
- O
0 O
wild O
type O
and O
empty O
vector O
control O
lines O
( O
Additional O
file O
1 O
: O
Figure O
S4 O
) O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
in O
dicotyledonous O
plants O
is O
mostly O
composed O
of O
guaiacyl B-Compound
( O
G O
) O
and O
syringyl B-Compound
( O
S O
) O
units O
, O
and O
their O
synthesis B-Process
is O
regu O
- O
lated O
by O
the O
activity O
of O
various O
enzymes O
among O
which O
CCOMT B-CommonName
may O
play O
an O
important O
role O
, O
notably O
in O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
the O
G O
subunits O
( O
Guo O
et O
al O
. O

In O
zinnia B-Species
cell O
culture O
derived O
from O
palisade O
leaf B-Location
mesophyll I-Location
, O
Dahiya O
et O
al O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
the O
network O
structure O
formed O
by O
lignin B-Compound
, O
in O
addition O
to O
covalent O
bonds O
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

Therefore O
, O
normal O
expression O
of O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
is O
required O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
during O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Agronomy O
of O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
hemp B-Species
( O
Cannabis B-Species
sativa I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
in O
Europe O
. O

GX B-Compound
Oligosaccharide O
Preparation O
Above O
prepared O
AIR O
( O
1 O
g O
) O
was O
sequentially O
extracted O
with O
50 O
mM O
ammonium O
oxalate O
and O
1 O
M O
KOH O
, O
containing O
1 O
. O
0 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
sodium O
borohydride O
. O

4 O
depicts O
how O
the O
plant O
cell O
metabolism B-Process
is O
altered O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
overexpressing O
Dof B-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
. O

We O
further O
demonstrate O
that O
the O
STLs B-CommonName
affect O
CSC B-CommonName
assembly B-Process
, O
which O
impacts O
on O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
ef O
fi O
ciency O
. O

For O
immunolocalization O
of O
thick O
sections O
, O
the O
above O
procedure O
was O
performed O
on O
sectioned O
material O
from O
LR O
white O
resin O
- O
in O
fi O
ltrated O
seedlings O
after O
high O
- O
pressure O
freezing O
and O
freeze O
substitution O
in O
glutaraldehyde O
and O
uranyl O
acetate O
. O

To O
systemically O
explore O
the O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
Al O
resistance O
, O
the O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
- O
induced O
or O
repressed O
genes O
were O
separately O
subjected O
to O
GOBP O
analysis O
( O
Figure O
5c O
) O
. O

Similarly O
, O
lignin B-Compound
/ O
lignin B-Compound
phenolics O
content O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
increased O
in O
the O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
, O
compared O
with O
that O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

2007 O
) O
and O
complement O
the O
mum2 B-CommonName
mucilage B-Compound
extrusion B-Process
phenotype O
( O
Western O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
found O
PtPAL2 B-CommonName
and O
BoPAL2 B-CommonName
are O
closer O
to O
tyrosine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
mutase I-CommonName
( O
TAM B-CommonName
) O
and O
histidine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
( O
HAL B-CommonName
) O
. O

BMC O
Genomics O
( O
2016 O
) O
17 O
: O
23 O
Page O
9 O
of O
15 O
directly O
utilized O
in O
alfalfa B-Species
[ O
13 O
] O
. O

CLE B-CommonName
peptides O
control O
Medicago B-Species
truncatula I-Species
nodulation B-Process
locally O
and O
systemically O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
showed O
in O
corn O
an O
increase O
in O
the O
proportion O
of O
heritability O
explained O
when O
a O
model O
considering O
dominance O
was O
utilized O
and O
therefore O
allowing O
a O
better O
overview O
of O
heterosis O
. O

for O
a O
15 O
dag O
sample O
but O
ca O
. O

A O
speci O
fi O
c O
clustering O
between O
developmental O
stages O
within O
the O
same O
tissues O
could O
not O
be O
observed O
, O
which O
might O
be O
due O
to O
sample O
variability O
. O

This O
line O
also O
was O
also O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
impacted O
in O
several O
other O
traits O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Unique O
probe O
sets O
were O
found O
for O
all O
but O
one O
gene O
( O
AT5G24780 O
) O
. O

Ferry O
- O
Dumazet O
H O
, O
Houel O
G O
, O
Montalent O
P O
et O
al O
. O

These O
are O
ZmCOMT1 B-CommonName
( O
Bar O
- O
ri O
ere O
& O
Argillier O
1993 O
; O
Piquemal O
et O
al O
. O

The O
sequences O
used O
for O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
are O
indicated O
by O
arrows O
. O

IIP4 B-CommonName
, O
which O
has O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
an O
ILA1 B-CommonName
- O
interacting O
protein O
, O
has O
an O
uncharacterized O
function O
. O

Primer O
sequences O
used O
for O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
analysis O
. O

Strand O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
RNA O
libraries O
for O
sequencing O
were O
prepared O
with O
the O
TruSeq O
Stranded O
mRNA O
Sample O
prep O
kit O
of O
96 O
dual O
indexes O
( O
Illumina O
) O
according O
to O
the O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instructions O
, O
except O
for O
the O
following O
changes O
. O

Phylogeny O
of O
ENDONUCLEASE B-CommonName
( O
ENDO B-CommonName
) O
genes O
. O

Amongst O
these O
genes O
, O
369 O
genes O
were O
down O
- O
regulated O
and O
269 O
genes O
up O
- O
Fig O
. O

MYB103 B-CommonName
is O
required O
for O
FERULATE B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
HYDROXYLASE I-CommonName
expression O
and O
syringyl B-Compound
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Sternberg O
, O
Protein O
structure O
prediction O
on O
the O
Web O
: O
A O
case O
study O
using O
the O
Phyre O
server O
. O

This O
al O
- O
lows O
yeast O
viability O
selection O
for O
TF O
- O
DNA O
interactions O
in O
a O
haploid O
format O
with O
specific O
mating O
type O
. O

We O
generated O
a O
series O
of O
single O
- O
and O
double O
- O
knockout O
Populus B-Species
mutants O
of O
the O
LTF1 B-CommonName
homologous O
genes O
in O
order O
to O
ascertain O
the O
genetic O
function O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
. O

Values O
are O
means O
SE O
( O
n O
= O
9 O
, O
three O
biological O
replicates O
/ O
line O
) O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Reduced B-CommonName
wall I-CommonName
acetylation I-CommonName
proteins O
play O
vital O
and O
distinct O
roles O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
O B-Process
- I-Process
acetylation I-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Having O
revealed O
a O
genetic O
interaction O
of O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
and O
ER O
in O
the O
control O
of O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
, O
we O
next O
aimed O
at O
discerning O
whether O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
and O
ERECTA B-CommonName
physically O
interact O
at O
the O
protein O
level O
. O

Numbers O
in O
parentheses O
indicate O
proportion O
of O
dataset O
variance O
explained O
by O
individual O
princi O
- O
pal O
components O
. O

Trees O
diameters O
and O
lengths O
were O
measured O
in O
the O
field O
, O
as O
well O
as O
stemwood O
fresh O
weight O
( O
diameter O
> O
2 O
cm O
at O
the O
thinner O
end O
, O
without O
bark O
) O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
AoIRX9 B-CommonName
in O
the O
basal O
and O
middle O
sections O
was O
again O
observed O
to O
be O
higher O
than O
that O
of O
the O
apical O
section O
while O
other O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
genes O
show O
no O
differential O
expression O
throughout O
all O
three O
sections O
of O
the O
spear B-Location
( O
S3 O
Fig O
) O
. O

Therefore O
, O
genes O
in O
this O
cluster O
are O
not O
likely O
function O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Expression O
of O
ACTIN2 O
was O
used O
as O
a O
control O
reference O
gene O
. O

However O
, O
the O
detailed O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
and O
how O
the O
interactions O
between O
miR167 B-CommonName
and O
ARFs B-CommonName
contribute O
to O
tree O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
, O
remain O
largely O
unknown O
. O

All O
samples O
used O
in O
gene O
expression O
analyses O
were O
harvested O
at O
midday O
( O
12 O
: O
00 O
am O
) O
and O
were O
positioned O
around O
1 O
. O
60 O
m O
from O
the O
ground O
. O

Although O
the O
molecular O
function O
of O
the O
BC1 B-CommonName
protein O
is O
still O
unclear O
, O
COBRA B-CommonName
and O
COBRA B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
proteins O
are O
presumed O
to O
participate O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Brown O
et O
al O
. O

We O
also O
examined O
the O
ratios O
between O
arabinose B-Compound
/ O
FA B-Compound
- I-Compound
Araf I-Compound
in O
response O
to O
salinity O
. O

Absolute O
protein O
expression O
pro O
fi O
ling O
estimates O
the O
relative O
contributions O
of O
transcriptional O
and O
translational O
regulation O
. O

Sac O
- O
chari O
fi O
cation O
was O
estimated O
with O
or O
without O
alkali O
pretreatment O
, O
mainly O
as O
described O
by O
Van O
Acker O
et O
al O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Schematic O
representation O
of O
the O
constructs O
used O
for O
transient O
expression O
assays O
. O

Note O
the O
absence O
of O
GUS O
staining O
in O
other O
cells O
apart O
from O
cells O
of O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Very O
recently O
, O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

6 O
| O
3287 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
degradation B-Process
by O
other O
enzymes O
to O
release O
the O
sugars O
necessary O
for O
bacterial O
growth B-Process
. O

Extraction O
methods O
based O
on O
alcohols O
[ O
alcohol O
insoluble O
residue O
( O
AIR O
) O
] O
would O
probably O
be O
better O
suited O
alternatives O
( O
Pettolino O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

5 O
, O
mutant O
seeds B-Location
showed O
a O
consis O
- O
tent O
decrease O
in O
germination B-Process
rate O
in O
soil O
compared O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
seeds B-Location
. O

Inset O
: O
Cumulative O
% O
variance O
accounted O
for O
in O
the O
first O
five O
loadings O
. O
Additional O
file O
7 O
: O
Figure O
S25 O
Figure O
S25 O
. O

Cell O
wall O
material O
was O
extracted O
after O
4 O
more O
days O
of O
growth B-Process
and O
cellulose B-Compound
quantified O
as O
described O
above O
. O

The O
specific O
expression O
pattern O
of O
CEF1 B-CommonName
in O
internodes B-Location
and O
panicles O
( O
Fig O
. O

147 O
Data O
were O
obtained O
by O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
and O
represent O
mean O
+ O
- O
s O
. O
d O
. O

The O
study O
also O
has O
con O
fi O
rmed O
two O
well O
- O
known O
facts O
: O
( O
1 O
) O
the O
close O
relationship O
between O
carbon O
and O
nitrogen O
metabolism B-Process
and O
( O
2 O
) O
the O
fact O
that O
a O
single O
transcription O
factor O
could O
be O
responsible O
for O
the O
expression O
level O
of O
multiple O
genes O
in O
a O
metabolic O
pathway O
. O

After O
24 O
h O
, O
electrical O
conductivity O
( O
EC1 O
) O
of O
the O
bathing O
solution O
was O
recorded O
. O

Our O
results O
are O
similar O
to O
the O
Wndings O
by O
Pourcel O
et O
al O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Whole O
- O
mount O
of O
a O
piece O
of O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
. O

Measurements O
were O
made O
by O
using O
the O
line O
tool O
in O
ImageJ O
and O
the O
average O
of O
cells O
in O
the O
upper O
and O
the O
lower O
layer O
was O
calculated O
. O

arboreum I-Species
have O
been O
completed O
( O
Wang O
et O
al O
. O

12 O
| O
5111 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
Downloaded O
at O
National O
Taiwan O
Univ O
. O

For O
comparison O
, O
we O
investigated O
the O
expression O
pro O
fi O
le O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
associated O
CESA B-CommonName
genes O
and O
fi O
nd O
that O
the O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
of O
these O
genes O
overlap O
most O
Fig O
. O

Arabi B-Species
- I-Species
dopsis I-Species
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
other O
SWNs B-CommonName
including O
VND7 B-CommonName
regulate O
MYB58 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
72 I-CommonName
and O
MYB63 B-CommonName
which O
can O
activate O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
[ O
15 O
] O
. O

The O
> O
90 O
% O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
the O
> O
2 O
. O
25 O
cm O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
length O
of O
domesticated O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
are O
key O
characters O
that O
have O
made O
this O
unusual O
seed B-Location
epidermal I-Location
hair I-Location
especially O
useful O
to O
humans O
for O
over O
7 O
000 O
years O
( O
Ryser O
1985 O
; O
Dillehay O
et O
al O
. O

) O
, O
and O
consists O
mainly O
of O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
and O
fi B-Compound
bres I-Compound
that O
deposit O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
undergo O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
( O
PCD B-Process
) O
during O
xylogenesis B-Process
( O
Mellerowicz O
et O
al O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Regulation O
of O
cytokinin B-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
by O
Therm O
- O
Spm O
. O

S5 O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analyzing O
the O
expression O
level O
of O
the O
other O
three O
fiber B-Location
abundant O
annexins B-CommonName
in O
5 O
DPA O
fibers O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
RNAi O
lines O
. O

The O
reactions O
were O
stopped O
by O
boiling O
for O
10 O
min O
. O

1m O
, O
p O
) O
, O
and O
weaker O
fluorescence O
was O
observed O
in O
lines O
with O
patchy O
extrusion B-Process
( O
partial O
complementation O
; O
Fig O
. O

A O
cotton B-Species
histone B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
gene I-CommonName
( O
GhHIS3 B-CommonName
, O
AF024716 O
) O
was O
used O
as O
the O
internal O
reference O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
( O
Pt O
; O
black O
) O
and O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
binary O
expression O
vectors O
were O
introduced O
into O
A B-Species
. I-Species

PttPIN5 B-CommonName
was O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
from O
leaf B-Location
cDNA O
using O
PttPIN5 B-CommonName
forward O
( O
attB1 O
) O
and O
PttPIN5 B-CommonName
reverse O
( O
attB2 O
) O
primers O
( O
Appendix O
S1 O
) O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
139 O
( O
2019 O
) O
672 O
- O
680 O
678 O
4 O
. O
5 O
. O

Journal O
of O
Agricultural O
and O
Food O
Chemistry O
55 O
, O
10306 O
- O
10314 O
. O

Catalytic O
activity O
of O
purified O
recombinant O
CSE B-CommonName
towards O
caffeoyl B-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
and O
CoA B-Compound
as O
substrates O
. O

J O
Integr O
Plant O
Biol O
59 O
: O
356 O
- O
389 O
Vogel O
J O
( O
2008 O
) O
Unique O
aspects O
of O
the O
grass O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
30 O
: O
1881 O
- O
1892 O
Kachroo O
A O
, O
Kachroo O
P O
( O
2009 O
) O
Fatty O
acid O
- O
derived O
signals O
in O
plant O
defense O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
fi O
ve O
poplar B-Species
cultivars O
, O
P B-Species
. I-Species

biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
the O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
- O
CRISPR O
lines O
( O
Fig O
- O
ure O
4 O
) O
. O

Cross O
sections O
were O
taken O
from O
the O
5 O
- O
cm O
basal O
part O
of O
stems B-Location
collected O
at O
development B-Process
stage O
6 O
. O
3 O
( O
Boyes O
et O
al O
. O

Vessel O
e O
OX O
- O
8 O
) O
popl O
essel O
elemen O
elements O
an O
lar O
stems O
. O

( O
e O
) O
Eight O
- O
week O
- O
old O
greenhouse O
grown O
plants O
. O

The O
total O
yield O
of O
monosaccharides O
increased O
due O
to O
TFA O
hydrolysis O
conducted O
prior O
to O
methanolysis O
of O
the O
sample O
as O
compared O
to O
methanolysis O
alone O
. O

Correlation O
maxima O
at O
shift O
= O
0 O
pixels O
indicates O
co O
- O
localization O
of O
both O
channels O
for O
most O
fluorescent O
foci O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
gain O
new O
insights O
into O
the O
mechanism O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
surveillance O
by O
these O
RLKs B-CommonName
in O
the O
model O
plant O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Compared O
with O
the O
controls O
, O
overexpression O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
suppressed O
plant O
growth B-Process
, O
whereas O
knocking O
down O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
expression O
resulted O
in O
plants O
with O
enhanced O
growth B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

d O
Sugars O
in O
xylem B-Location
PE O
fraction O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
. O

Transmission O
electron O
microscopy O
indicated O
that O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
was O
affected O
by O
DCB O
, O
as O
were O
the O
Golgi O
bodies O
. O

Light O
microscopic O
analysis O
of O
tracheid B-Location
production O
and O
differentiation B-Process
Other O
halves O
of O
the O
sample O
blocks O
were O
cut O
into O
smaller O
sec O
- O
tions O
using O
a O
razor O
blade O
( O
8 O
x O
3 O
x O
3 O
mm O
radial O
, O
tangential O
and O
longitudinal O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
PvMYB4 B-CommonName
, O
the O
switchgrass B-Species
ortholog O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
MYB4 B-CommonName
, O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
be O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
14 O
. O

b O
, O
PAL B-CommonName
and O
TAL B-CommonName
enzymatic O
activities O
in O
different O
ammonium O
sulfate O
fractions O
prepared O
from O
a O
crude O
stem B-Location
protein O
extract O
. O

This O
ion O
was O
identified O
as O
caffeate O
based O
on O
its O
identical O
m O
/ O
z O
, O
retention O
time O
and O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectrum O
to O
that O
of O
the O
standard O
. O

Plant O
J O
64 O
: O
633 O
- O
644 O
Pubmed O
: O
Author O
and O
Title O
Google O
Scholar O
: O
Author O
Only O
Title O
Only O
Author O
and O
Title O
Fraser O
CM O
, O
Chapple O
C O
( O
2011 O
) O
The O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
E O
) O
and O
( O
F O
) O
Cross O
sections O
of O
the O
middle O
stem B-Location
( O
E O
) O
and O
the O
bottom O
stem B-Location
( O
F O
) O
showing O
GUS O
staining O
in O
the O
vessels B-Location
and O
xylary B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
in O
the O
metaxylem B-Location
. O

Author O
details O
1 O
School O
of O
Environmental O
Science O
and O
Engineering O
, O
Tianjin O
University O
, O
300072 O
Tianjin O
, O
China O
. O

Hence O
, O
the O
predic O
- O
tions O
of O
tissue O
localization O
for O
PPIs O
derived O
from O
the O
CSPs O
are O
tentative O
and O
require O
further O
investigation O
. O

glandulosa I-Species
xylem B-Location
, O
0 O
. O
87 O
% O
of O
UniqsRNA O
is O
miRNA O
. O

( O
2014b O
) O
Two O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
- O
associated O
glycosyltransferases B-CommonName
, O
GhGT43A1 B-CommonName
and O
GhGT43C1 B-CommonName
, O
function O
in O
hemicellulose B-Compound
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
during O
plant O
development B-Process
. O

As O
the O
mutation O
causes O
the O
loss O
of O
the O
cleavage O
site O
of O
the O
restriction O
enzyme O
PvuII O
, O
a O
cleaved O
ampli O
fi O
cation O
polymorphism O
sequence O
- O
tagged O
site O
( O
CAPS O
) O
marker O
was O
developed O
for O
rapid O
genotyping O
( O
Figure O
1C O
) O
. O

Hence O
, O
it O
is O
important O
to O
have O
a O
thorough O
understanding O
of O
how O
xylan B-Compound
is O
* O
Corresponding O
author O
. O

However O
, O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
is O
de O
fi O
nitely O
involved O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
because O
the O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
can O
cause O
the O
changes O
of O
not O
only O
lignin B-Compound
content O
but O
also O
of O
various O
characteristics O
and O
properties O
in O
wood B-Compound
tissues O
. O

Previous O
work O
suggested O
that O
reaction B-Compound
wood I-Compound
( O
RW B-Compound
) O
formation B-Process
could O
be O
a O
desirable O
trait O
for O
biofuel O
production O
in O
willows B-Species
as O
it O
is O
associated O
with O
increased O
glucose B-Compound
yields O
, O
but O
willow B-Species
RW B-Compound
has O
not O
been O
characterized O
for O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
. O

thaliana I-Species
DAP O
- O
seq O
MYB B-CommonName
binding O
sites O
( O
Table O
S4 O
) O
. O

ABSTRACT O
Phenylalanine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
( O
PAL B-CommonName
) O
plays O
an O
important O
role O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
secondary O
metabolites O
regulating O
plant O
growth B-Process
response O
. O

Experiments O
were O
repeated O
at O
least O
three O
times O
and O
the O
data O
was O
ana O
- O
lyzed O
by O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Molecular O
phenotyping O
of O
the O
pal1 O
and O
pal2 O
mutants O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
reveals O
far O
- O
reaching O
conse O
- O
quences O
on O
and O
carbohydrate O
metabolism B-Process
. O

Frequency O
of O
eQTLs O
present O
per O
centimorgan O
sliding O
- O
window O
bin O
with O
a O
cut O
- O
off O
set O
at O
nine O
eQTLs O
per O
centimorgan O
sliding O
- O
window O
bin O
for O
the O
four O
Eucalyptus B-Species
chromosomes O
where O
the O
hotspots O
are O
located O
. O

Portions O
of O
the O
genomic O
clones O
are O
shown O
in O
Fig O
. O

2 O
) O
, O
showing O
these O
miRNAs O
are O
conserved O
between O
poplar B-Species
and O
larch B-Species
. O

BGAL16 B-CommonName
entry O
clone O
Gateway O
cDNA O
entry O
clone O
pDONR207 O
Contains O
the O
BGAL16 B-CommonName
coding O
sequence O
( O
2 O
, O
446 O
bp O
) O
, O
includes O
the O
ATG O
, O
and O
no O
stop O
codon O
. O

the O
impact O
in O
a O
woody O
system O
such O
as O
Populus B-Species
would O
be O
interesting O
. O

The O
lumen O
diameters O
of O
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
TW O
were O
obviously O
smaller O
than O
those O
in O
NW O
, O
while O
the O
fiber B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
TW O
were O
much O
thicker O
( O
Figs O
. O

Each O
transgenic O
line O
was O
multiplied O
through O
cut O
- O
ting O
propagation O
for O
analysis O
of O
biological O
repeats O
. O

The O
role O
of O
a O
CCR B-CommonName
has O
also O
been O
established O
in O
defense O
signaling O
in O
rice B-Species
( O
Kawasaki O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2006 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
authors O
had O
also O
identi O
fi O
ed O
a O
list O
of O
26 O
putative O
OsCCR B-CommonName
genes O
. O

Mathematical O
modelling O
showed O
that O
ROP B-CommonName
- O
activation O
cycle O
generated O
ROP B-CommonName
domains O
by O
reaction O
- O
diffusion O
mechanism O
. O

OsMYB108 B-CommonName
was O
included O
in O
a O
cluster O
with O
ZmMYB31 B-CommonName
and O
SbMYB31 B-CommonName
. O

The O
fact O
that O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
expression O
was O
detected O
in O
lignin B-Compound
- O
forming O
tissues O
and O
always O
preceded O
lignin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
indicates O
the O
tight O
correlation O
between O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

The O
3 O
rd O
to O
4th O
leaves B-Location
from O
the O
tip O
were O
collected O
as O
young O
leaves B-Location
. O

K O
D O
is O
indi O
- O
cated O
+ O
- O
SE O
, O
n O
= O
3 O
technical O
replicates O
( O
reps O
) O
. O

The O
gross O
morphology O
of O
these O
plants O
did O
not O
differ O
from O
that O
of O
the O
pxy B-CommonName
single O
mutants O
, O
but O
lbd4 B-CommonName
enhanced O
the O
cell B-Process
division I-Process
phenotype O
of O
pxy B-CommonName
, O
as O
pxy B-CommonName
lbd4 B-CommonName
bundles O
had O
fewer O
cells O
per O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
than O
the O
parental O
lines O
( O
Figure O
6A O
; O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
5 O
) O
. O

Five O
day O
after O
imbibition O
seedlings O
to O
be O
stained O
with O
phloroglucinol O
were O
fixed O
in O
a O
3 O
: O
1 O
95 O
% O
ethanol O
: O
glacial O
acetic O
acid O
solution O
for O
5 O
min O
. O

In O
the O
RNA O
- O
seq O
panels O
, O
the O
two O
blue O
bars O
on O
the O
left O
indicate O
the O
fragments O
per O
kilobase O
of O
exon O
per O
million O
fragments O
mapped O
( O
FPKM O
) O
value O
of O
two O
independent O
control O
plants O
while O
the O
two O
green O
bars O
on O
the O
right O
are O
that O
of O
two O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
- O
ox O
plants O
. O

This O
further O
suggests O
that O
the O
differ O
- O
ent O
polyamines B-Compound
undergo O
different O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
and O
participate O
in O
different O
physiological O
processes O
. O

This O
dataset O
contains O
genes O
which O
share O
genetic O
architecture O
with O
. O

Cloning O
of O
the O
BC1 B-CommonName
gene O
Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
with O
the O
RNeasy O
plant O
mini O
kit O
( O
Qiagen O
, O
Hilden O
, O
Germany O
) O
from O
wild O
- O
type O
internodes B-Location
grown O
in O
a O
greenhouse O
. O

In O
general O
only O
one O
layer O
( O
S1 O
) O
of O
SCW B-Compound
could O
be O
detected O
in O
G B-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
and O
two O
layers O
( O
S1 O
+ O
S2 O
) O
in O
normal O
fibres B-Location
. O

To O
determine O
whether O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
is O
required O
for O
the O
nuclear O
export O
of O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunits O
in O
planta O
, O
we O
crossed O
the O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
line O
overexpressing O
truncated O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
without O
the O
NES O
( O
the O
AtNMD3DNES B-CommonName
OE O
line O
, O
Figure O
S8 O
) O
with O
that O
containing O
RPL28A B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
. O

Previous O
functional O
studies O
have O
shown O
the O
involve O
- O
ment O
of O
Dof B-CommonName
factors O
in O
nitrogen O
metabolism B-Process
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
several O
aspects O
of O
the O
biological O
function O
of O
SND2 B-CommonName
Hussey O
et O
al O
. O

S5 O
) O
, O
hence O
the O
UTR O
may O
have O
to O
be O
targeted O
instead O
. O

The O
presence O
of O
the O
transgenes O
was O
detected O
using O
PCR O
with O
gene O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
primers O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

The O
interpretation O
of O
the O
anti O
- O
xylan O
antibody O
label O
- O
ing O
in O
this O
study O
depends O
on O
our O
understanding O
of O
the O
epitope O
the O
antibody O
recognizes O
, O
as O
well O
as O
potential O
masking O
by O
other O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
such O
as O
the O
GlcA O
substitutions O
on O
the O
xylan O
backbone O
. O

Further O
, O
PCD B-Process
was O
described O
in O
all O
eukaryotic O
organisms O
. O

arboreum I-Species
( O
C O
) O
as O
indicated O
; O
the O
level O
in O
the O
0 O
- O
DPA O
sample O
was O
set O
to O
1 O
( O
means O
of O
triplicates O
+ O
- O
SD O
) O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
these O
results O
indicate O
that O
nucleotide O
- O
sugar O
binding O
pockets O
are O
more O
highly O
conserved O
between O
CESA B-CommonName
and O
CSLD B-CommonName
proteins O
than O
CSLA B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

Figure O
shows O
representative O
pictures O
of O
one O
of O
five O
biological O
replicates O
of O
each O
genotype O
. O

The O
construct O
( O
pBC14cDT O
) O
containing O
the O
CDS O
of O
BC14 B-CommonName
driven O
by O
the O
maize O
ubiquitin O
promoter O
was O
fused O
with O
a O
3 O
x O
Flag O
- O
tag O
and O
6 O
x O
histidine O
( O
His O
) O
tag O
and O
cloned O
into O
the O
pCAMBIA O
1300 O
vector O
. O

Asterisks O
indicate O
significant O
differences O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
relative O
to O
the O
wildtype O
determined O
with O
a O
single O
factor O
ANOVA O
He O
et O
al O
. O

The O
obtained O
profiles O
were O
normalized O
against O
the O
sum O
of O
the O
chromatographic O
peak O
area O
( O
using O
the O
total O
ion O
chromatogram O
( O
TIC O
) O
approach O
) O
. O

Five O
putative O
mem O
- O
bers O
of O
the O
KOR B-CommonName
( O
GH9A B-CommonName
) O
family O
were O
identified O
in O
the O
Populus B-Species
genome O
relative O
to O
three O
KORs B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
Scale O
bars O
: O
2 O
mu O
m O
. O
) O
( O
C O
) O
Pearson O
' O
s O
correlation O
coefficient O
for O
colocalization O
of O
YFP O
- O
CESA7 B-CommonName
and O
tdT O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
at O
the O
different O
stages O
shown O
in O
A O
. O

Primers O
used O
in O
this O
study O
are O
provided O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
3 O
. O

STLs B-CommonName
impact O
CSC B-CommonName
assembly B-Process
and O
plasma O
membrane O
motility O
. O

The O
relative O
LUC O
activities O
were O
normalized O
to O
the O
reference O
Renilla O
( O
REN O
) O
luciferase O
. O

In O
view O
of O
the O
data O
showing O
di O
- O
vergence O
between O
Populus B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
approxi O
- O
mately O
100 O
to O
120 O
Mya O
, O
almost O
all O
the O
PtAP B-CommonName
segmental O
duplications O
occurred O
after O
the O
Populus B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
split O
. O

An O
Uncanonical O
CCCH B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Tandem I-CommonName
Zinc I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Finger I-CommonName
Protein I-CommonName
Represses O
Secondary B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Synthesis B-Process
and O
Controls O
Mechanical O
Strength O
in O
Rice B-Species
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
may O
serve O
highly O
differential O
roles O
in O
mediating O
ABA B-Compound
signaling O
, O
in O
acclimation O
to O
environmental O
stimuli O
, O
and O
in O
fiber B-Location
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

Under O
our O
controlled O
experimental O
growth B-Process
conditions O
, O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
fibers B-Location
took O
about O
7 O
- O
10 O
days O
to O
complete O
. O

Vercauteren O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
Combined O
linkage O
and O
association O
mapping O
reveals O
CYCD5 B-CommonName
; O
1 O
as O
a O
quantitative O
trait O
gene O
for O
endoreduplication O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

One O
ll O
of O
cDNA O
was O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
with O
primers O
presented O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

Light O
and O
transmission O
electron O
microscopy O
revealed O
that O
the O
cwa1 B-CommonName
mutant O
plant O
has O
regions O
of O
local O
aggregation B-Process
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
cortical B-Location
Wbers I-Location
in O
its O
inter B-Location
- I-Location
nodes I-Location
, O
showing O
uneven O
thickness O
. O

* O
Populus B-Species
Hydroxycinnamoyltransferase B-CommonName
1895 O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
( O
Figure O
5C O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
also O
functions O
for O
synthesizing O
cutin B-Compound
ferulate I-Compound
in O
planta O
. O

Overexpression O
of O
AnnGh3 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
resulted O
in O
a O
significant O
increase O
in O
trichome O
density O
and O
length O
on O
leaves B-Location
of O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
, O
sug O
- O
gesting O
that O
AnnGh3 B-CommonName
may O
be O
involved O
in O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
initiation O
and O
elongation B-Process
of O
cotton B-Species
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Functions O
of O
microRNAs O
in O
plant O
stress O
responses O
. O

Compound O
13 O
: O
Caffeate O
Compound O
13 O
elutes O
at O
4 O
. O
84 O
min O
with O
m O
/ O
z O
179 O
. O
033 O
. O

Then O
a O
- O
cellulose B-Compound
was O
fi O
nally O
determined O
gravimetrically O
. O

In O
comparison O
with O
our O
promoter O
analysis O
, O
expression O
of O
the O
aspen O
SND1 B-CommonName
homolog O
peaked O
in O
phloem B-Location
and O
early O
- O
onset O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
from O
cryosectioned O
xylogenesis B-Process
developmental O
series O
29 O
, O
consistent O
with O
our O
observation O
for O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
although O
it O
is O
unclear O
why O
no O
EgrNAC61pro O
activity O
was O
observed O
in O
phloem B-Location
fibres I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Here O
, O
14 O
annexin B-CommonName
family O
members O
were O
identified O
from O
the O
fully O
sequenced O
diploid O
G B-Species
. I-Species

According O
to O
this O
, O
the O
annexin B-CommonName
genes O
represented O
by O
contig1 O
, O
contig2 O
and O
contig3 O
would O
have O
relatively O
high O
expression O
level O
in O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
. O

Seeds B-Location
were O
harvested O
and O
stored O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Root B-Location
growth B-Process
of O
Populus B-Species
when O
treated O
with O
0 O
( O
left O
) O
, O
0 O
. O
1 O
( O
middle O
) O
and O
1 O
l O
M O
( O
right O
) O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
concentrations O
for O
1 O
week O
. O

To O
further O
substantiate O
the O
interaction O
between O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
and O
the O
promoters O
of O
the O
target O
genes O
, O
we O
next O
tested O
the O
interaction O
, O
in O
planta O
, O
with O
a O
GUS O
reporter O
assay O
. O

Cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
and O
synthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
RopGEF4 B-CommonName
and O
RopGEF10 B-CommonName
are O
important O
for O
FERONIA B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
developmental O
but O
not O
environmental O
regulation O
of O
root B-Location
hair I-Location
growth B-Process
. O

Consistent O
with O
a O
potential O
conserved O
role O
in O
lignification B-Process
, O
CSE B-CommonName
copurifies O
with O
lignin B-Compound
bio O
- O
synthetic O
enzymes O
in O
extracts O
from O
poplar B-Species
xylem B-Compound
( O
27 O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Yeast O
two O
- O
hybrid O
assay O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
delta O
TAR O
- O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
delta O
TAR O
interac O
- O
tion O
. O

* O
E O
- O
mail O
: O
cotton O
@ O
njau O
. O
edu O
. O
cn O
. O

Molecular O
Biology O
and O
Evolution O
24 O
: O
1596 O
- O
1599 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
molbev O
/ O
msm092 O
. O

In O
analyzed O
control O
stems B-Location
regenerated O
vasculature B-Location
de O
- O
veloped O
6 O
days O
after O
wounding O
around O
the O
inner O
side O
of O
the O
wound O
connecting O
the O
incised O
pre O
- O
existing O
vasculature B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
dark O
- O
grown O
conditions O
, O
plates O
were O
wrapped O
in O
aluminum O
foil O
. O

Xylo O
- O
genic O
changes O
were O
correlated O
with O
altered O
gene O
expression O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
GFP O
fluorescent O
signals O
were O
detected O
by O
a O
confocal O
laser O
microscope O
( O
Olympus O
FV1200 O
, O
Japan O
) O
at O
488 O
nm O
by O
an O
argon O
laser O
and O
the O
emission O
was O
collected O
with O
a O
505 O
- O
530 O
nm O
bandpass O
filter O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
perturbations O
affect O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
and O
saccharification B-Process
yield O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

The O
boxes O
and O
lines O
in O
the O
diagram O
of O
the O
BS1 B-CommonName
gene O
indicate O
exons O
and O
introns O
, O
respectively O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
some O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
that O
have O
been O
previously O
considered O
to O
be O
specific O
to O
either O
primary O
or O
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
may O
play O
a O
more O
general O
role O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
BRL1 B-CommonName
and O
BRL3 B-CommonName
are O
novel O
brassinosteroid B-Compound
receptors O
that O
function O
in O
vascular B-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Apparently O
, O
the O
efficiency O
of O
recombinant O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
enzyme O
was O
connected O
to O
the O
presence O
of O
methoxy O
substituents O
on O
the O
various O
sub O
- O
strates O
. O

This O
promoter O
can O
be O
effectively O
used O
to O
express O
transgenes O
for O
commercially O
desired O
traits O
without O
unintended O
pleotropic O
side O
- O
effects O
, O
which O
are O
frequently O
accompanied O
when O
the O
35S O
promoter O
is O
used O
. O

These O
proteins O
function O
as O
molecular O
chaperones O
, O
presumably O
by O
protecting O
proteins O
against O
aggregation B-Process
, O
based O
on O
the O
property O
of O
binding O
to O
hydrophobic O
aminoacid O
residues O
or O
surfaces O
that O
are O
exposed O
by O
proteins O
in O
nonnative O
states O
( O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O

J O
Integr O
Plant O
Biol O
53 O
: O
347 O
- O
357 O
Table O
S3 O
The O
number O
of O
ESTs O
assembling O
contig1 O
, O
2 O
, O
3 O
in O
four O
cotton B-Species
species O
. O

Freezing O
tolerance O
in O
plants O
requires O
lipid O
remodeling O
at O
the O
outer O
chloroplast O
membrane O
. O

Imaging O
of O
GFP O
- O
CC1 B-CommonName
was O
done O
in O
3 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
etiolated O
seedlings O
in O
hypocotyl B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

In O
present O
study O
, O
the O
expression O
levels O
of O
three O
PbPALs B-CommonName
were O
all O
up O
- O
regulated O
after O
MeJA B-Compound
treatments O
. O

While O
TED6 B-CommonName
was O
significantly O
upregulated O
by O
both O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
and O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
at O
14 O
hpt O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
, O
the O
exclusive O
activation O
of O
TED7 B-CommonName
at O
the O
earliest O
time O
point O
by O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
suggests O
a O
vessel B-Location
- O
related O
specialization O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
histochemical O
analysis O
of O
RNAi O
plants O
showed O
that O
silencing O
of O
DIM1 B-CommonName
led O
to O
a O
change O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
morphology O
and O
the O
structure O
of O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
, O
including O
smaller O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
( O
Figs O
. O

It O
will O
be O
interesting O
to O
discover O
through O
future O
research O
whether O
the O
M4K B-CommonName
- O
MOB1 B-CommonName
interaction O
plays O
an O
important O
role O
in O
regulating O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
possibly O
through O
its O
reported O
ability O
to O
in O
fl O
u O
- O
ence O
cell B-Process
division I-Process
( O
Xiong O
et O
al O
. O

Picault O
N O
, O
Hodges O
M O
, O
Palmieri O
L O
, O
Palmieri O
F O
. O

PtrPAL1 B-CommonName
was O
also O
sup O
- O
pressed O
by O
homologous O
transgenes O
of O
its O
family O
members O
, O
such O
as O
PtrPAL3 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

TFs O
and O
ncRNAs O
are O
essential O
components O
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
, O
and O
our O
understanding O
of O
the O
heritability O
of O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
would O
be O
lacking O
if O
we O
failed O
to O
account O
for O
their O
effects O
. O

No O
changes O
in O
sugar O
content O
were O
observed O
in O
the O
XG O
fraction O
( O
Fig O
. O

50 O
mu O
g O
of O
total O
soluble O
proteins O
were O
loaded O
in O
each O
well O
. O

This O
structure O
was O
further O
optimized O
for O
subsequent O
docking O
by O
adding O
missing O
polar O
hydrogens O
and O
optimizing O
the O
number O
of O
torsions O
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
Copper O
uptake O
and O
translocation B-Process
in O
chicory B-Species
( O
Cichorium B-Species
intybus I-Species
L I-Species
. O

An O
integrative O
approach O
to O
the O
identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice O
genes O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

The O
chemical O
composition O
was O
measured O
by O
the O
TAPPI O
method O
( O
Kim O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

We O
performed O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
with O
such O
primers O
on O
DNA O
obtained O
from O
a O
ChIP O
assay O
on O
pBP O
: O
: O
BP B-CommonName
- O
CFP O
plants O
( O
30 O
) O
by O
using O
anti O
- O
GFP O
antibodies O
. O

At O
the O
fi O
rst O
stages O
of O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
, O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
development B-Process
and O
the O
elongation B-Process
of O
the O
stamen B-Location
fi O
laments O
were O
similar O
in O
the O
ccc O
and O
WT O
lines O
( O
Figure O
3A O
) O
. O

Line O
graphs O
show O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
( O
scaled O
) O
of O
genes O
in O
each O
module O
during O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
. O

The O
assignment O
of O
proton O
resonances O
for O
xylan B-Compound
structural O
fragments O
was O
based O
on O
published O
data O
[ O
2 O
, O
46 O
] O
. O

Percolate O
of O
GX B-CommonName
glucuronosyltransferase I-CommonName
activity O
assay O
mixture O
was O
stored O
at O
- O
20 O
* O
C O
for O
the O
following O
methyltransferase B-CommonName
assays O
. O

The O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
stems B-Location
also O
provided O
the O
thioacidolysis O
marker O
compound O
for O
CCR B-CommonName
de O
fi O
ciency O
. O

For O
induction O
of O
TE B-Location
differentiation B-Process
, O
24 O
- O
48 O
h O
after O
isolation O
the O
cell O
culture O
must O
be O
supplemented O
with O
auxin B-Compound
and O
CK B-Compound
, O
the O
ratio O
and O
concentration O
of O
which O
are O
critical O
factors O
( O
Fukuda O
and O
Kommamine O
1980 O
; O
Church O
1993 O
) O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Slender O
stems B-Location
and O
beaked O
fruits O
in O
35S O
: O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
plants O
. O

Accumulation B-Process
of O
Aromatics B-Compound
in O
Leaf B-Location
Cutin B-Compound
of O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
Overexpression O
Plants O
. O

Bevan O
, O
GUS O
fusions O
: O
- O
glucuronidase O
as O
a O
sensitive O
and O
versatile O
marker O
in O
higher O
plants O
, O
EMBO O
J O
. O

MATERIALS O
AND O
METHODS O
Plant O
material O
Seedlings O
of O
hybrid B-Species
poplar I-Species
( O
P B-Species
. I-Species

These O
results O
indicated O
that O
1 O
. O
6 O
- O
2 O
fold O
higher O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
led O
to O
a O
major O
change O
in O
vessel B-Location
wall B-Compound
shapes O
at O
100 O
mM O
NaCl O
. O

Embryos B-Location
and O
seed B-Location
coats I-Location
were O
separated O
Wrst O
and O
then O
used O
for O
the O
GUS O
assay O
Planta O
( O
2006 O
) O
224 O
: O
1185 O
- O
1196 O
1189 O
123 O
by O
seed B-Location
fresh O
weight O
of O
each O
sample O
and O
then O
divided O
by O
the O
normalized O
total O
peak O
area O
of O
all O
the O
monomers O
and O
dimers O
as O
a O
percentage O
. O

The O
lncRNA B-CommonName
information O
was O
obtained O
from O
the O
transcriptome O
database O
of O
cambium B-Location
, O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
, O
and O
mature B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

These O
observations O
provide O
novel O
insights O
into O
cellular O
mechanism O
of O
coordinated O
tissue O
polarization B-Process
during O
auxin B-Compound
canalization B-Process
. O

The O
cellular O
localization O
studies O
revealed O
that O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
is O
distributed O
throughout O
the O
cell O
, O
including O
the O
nucleus O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

hispida I-Species
regulates O
expression O
of O
target O
genes O
, O
involved O
in O
stress O
tolerance O
, O
by O
binding O
to O
the O
G O
- O
box O
( O
CACGTG O
) O
( O
Ji O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
beta O
- O
Tubulin O
1 O
GGAGGAGTACCCTGACAGAATGA O
a O
CAGTATCGGAAACCTTTGGTGAT O
a O
68 O
CA222437 O
b O
N O
/ O
A O
PAL B-CommonName
GACATCCTGAAGCTCATGTCG O
ACCGACGTCTTGATGTTCTCC O
92 O
EF189195 O
PAL1 O
C4H B-CommonName
GTTCACCGTGTACGGCGACCACT O
GAAGAAGGGCACCGTCATGATCC O
61 O
AY104175 O
CA131376 O

; O
CA146299 O
; O
CA196076 O
; O
CA137884 O
; O
CA263105 O
C4H1 O
4CL B-CommonName
CTTCCCGACATCGAGATCAACAAC O
CTCATCTTCCCGAAGCAGTAGGC O
62 O
AY566301 O
; O
AX204868 O
CA184118 O
; O
CA215779 O
; O
CA136560 O
; O
CA176600 O
; O
CA135257 O
4CL1 O
C3H B-CommonName
GTCGACGAGCAGGTCTTCAAAGC O

CGTGCTCCTCCATGATCTTCAC O
73 O
AY107051 O
; O
BT086560 O
CA262303 O
; O
CA247763 O
C3H2 O
CCoAOMT B-CommonName
ACCTCATCGCAGACGAGAAGAAC O
AGCCGCTCGTGGTAGTTGAGGTAG O
91 O
AJ242980 O
; O
EU952463 O
; O
NM_001158013 O
5 O
' O
end O
: O
CA168805 O
; O
CA071322 O
; O
CA159865 O
; O
CA180815 O
3 O
' O
end O
: O

CA159865 O
; O
CF575000 O
; O
CA279207 O
; O
CA179873 O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
CCR B-CommonName
AGCAGCCGTACAAGTTCTCG O
GAAGGTTCTTCACCGTGTCG O
96 O
AJ231134 O
No O
Match O
F5H B-CommonName
GGTTCATCGACAAGATCATCGAC O
GTCGGGGCTCTTCCCGCGCTTCAC O
53 O
AX204869 O
5 O
' O
end O
: O
CA185931 O
; O
CA134666 O
; O
CA135938 O
3 O
' O
end O

: O
CA287472 O
; O
CA278023 O
; O
CA253395 O
; O
CA103877 O
F5H1 B-CommonName
COMT B-CommonName
TACGGGATGACGGCGTTCGAGTAC O
GTGATGATGACCGAGTGGTTCTT O
92 O
AY365419 O
; O
AJ231133 O
COMT1 O
CAD B-CommonName
ATCAGCTCGTCGTCCAAGAAG O
ACCGTGTCGATGATGTAGTCC O
128 O
AJ231135 O
CAD2 O
Notes O
. O

6 O
GO O
and O
KEGG O
analyses O
for O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Previous O
studies O
have O
suggested O
that O
over O
- O
expression O
of O
HMGR B-CommonName
genes O
significantly O
increased O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
terpenoids B-Compound
( O
Jayashree O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

Crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
was O
measured O
according O
to O
ref O
. O

( O
c O
) O
The O
Author O
( O
s O
) O
2018 O
Journal O
of O
Experimental O
Botany O
, O
Vol O
. O

Red O
rectangle O
illustrate O
transmembrane O
domains O
and O
blue O
lines O
represent O
the O
GT8 B-CommonName
active O
domain O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
providing O
direct O
proof O
of O
paralogue O
function O
- O
ality O
by O
studying O
SNPs O
with O
a O
strong O
effect O
on O
protein O
function O
- O
ality O
, O
allelic O
diversity O
can O
be O
exploited O
in O
association O
mapping O
studies O
to O
identify O
putative O
causal O
polymorphisms O
that O
are O
in O
linkage O
disequilibrium O
with O
the O
SNPs O
tested O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
autofluorescence O
was O
also O
characterized O
at O
the O
same O
time O
the O
immunolocalization O
studies O
were O
conducted O
. O

( O
n O
> O
120 O
pits B-Location
) O
, O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
( O
ANOVA O
with O
Scheffe O
test O
) O
. O

In O
this O
article O
, O
we O
describe O
a O
fast O
, O
ef O
fi O
cient O
and O
reproducible O
A O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
U O
S O
A O
106 O
: O
13124 O
- O
13129 O
. O

The O
neutral O
sugar O
content O
of O
the O
PE O
fractions O
, O
XG O
fractions O
and O
4 O
N O
KOH O
fractions O
were O
determined O
as O
described O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

To O
date O
, O
a O
number O
of O
KOR B-CommonName
genes O
in O
various O
species O
have O
been O
studied O
, O
includ O
- O
ing O
KOR1 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Nicol O
et O
al O
. O

Arrowheads O
point O
to O
cell O
layers O
showing O
expression O
. O

Our O
research O
increases O
the O
knowledge O
and O
improves O
understanding O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
under O
- O
and O
aboveground O
tree O
organs O
. O

Expression O
of O
Citrine O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
: O
D3CD O
Chimera O
Proteins O
Driven O
by O
CESA6 B-CommonName
Promoter O
Fully O
Rescues O
cesa6 B-CommonName
Hypocotyl B-Location
Elongation B-Process
Defects O
. O

The O
percentages O
represent O
the O
content O
of O
H O
, O
G O
and O
S O
subunits O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
relative O
to O
that O
in O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

1 O
Expression O
of O
PdWND3A B-CommonName
in O
various O
tissues O
and O
organs O
. O

The O
amino O
acid O
sequences O
of O
Rbohs B-CommonName
were O
aligned O
by O
the O
MUSCLE O
software O
( O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
ebi O
. O
ac O
. O
uk O
/ O
Tools O
/ O
msa O
/ O
muscle O
/ O
) O
. O

Supplementary O
Figure O
S1 O
: O
Nucleotide O
sequence O
alignment O
of O
willow B-Species
SxFLA12 B-CommonName
( O
A O
) O
and O
SxCOBL4 B-CommonName
( O
B O
) O
with O
their O
poplar B-Species
orthologues O
. O

These O
enriched O
libraries O
were O
then O
sequenced O
using O
an O
Illumina O
HiSeq O
2500 O
instrument O
( O
San O
Diego O
, O
USA O
) O
on O
the O
2 O
9 O
100 O
bp O
sequencing O
mode O
. O

Studies O
on O
the O
role O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
gene O
MONOPTEROS B-CommonName
in O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
and O
plant O
cell O
axialization B-Process
. O

Mol O
Plant O
Microbe O
Interacts O
14 O
: O
288 O
- O
299 O
Weigel O
D O
, O
Glazebrook O
J O
( O
2002 O
) O
Arabidopsis B-Species
: O
A O
Laboratory O
Manual O
. O

Shen O
H O
- O
B O
, O
Chou O
K O
- O
C O
. O

Therefore O
, O
PER36_modp O
was O
comparable O
to O
PER36p O
in O
its O
ability O
to O
complement O
mum2 B-CommonName
. O

5 O
, O
I O
- O
L O
) O
during O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Along O
with O
dirigent O
, O
other O
proteins O
were O
also O
identi O
fi O
ed O
that O
could O
play O
a O
role O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S2 O
) O
, O
indicating O
strongly O
that O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
might O
play O
a O
de O
fi O
nitive O
role O
in O
regulation O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
by O
modulating O
the O
protein O
levels O
of O
multiple O
substrates O
. O

Onoda O
Y O
. O
, O
Richards O
A O
. O
E O
. O

The O
simultaneous O
silenc O
- O
ing O
of O
both O
CAD B-CommonName
and O
CCR B-CommonName
genes O
induces O
a O
similarly O
important O
reduction O
in O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
tobacco B-Species
( O
Chabannes O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2001 O
) O
and O
in O
the O
ccc O
Arabidopsis B-Species
line O
studied O
herein O
. O

A O
second O
lignin B-Compound
gene O
, O
BdCAD1 B-CommonName
, O
exhibited O
no O
signi O
fi O
cant O
change O
in O
the O
transcript O
level O
in O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
plants O
. O

de O
/ O
csbdb O
/ O
gmd O
/ O
gmd O
. O
html O
) O
( O
Kopka O
et O
al O
. O

The O
results O
indicate O
that O
the O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
is O
in O
fl O
uenced O
by O
RNAi O
of O
endonuclease B-CommonName
genes O
. O

Hasegawa O
( O
Na O
- O
tional O
Institute O
of O
Genetics O
) O
for O
technical O
assistance O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
14 O
: O
2001 O
- O
2013 O
Passardi O
F O
, O
Pene O
C O
, O
Dunand O
C O
( O
2004 O
) O
Performing O
the O
paradoxical O
: O
how O
plant O
peroxidases B-CommonName
modify O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

The O
identified O
miRNA O
numbers O
in O
phloem B-Location
and O
leaf B-Location
were O
202 O
( O
belong O
to O
147 O
miRNA O
families O
) O
and O
204 O
( O
belong O
to O
179 O
miRNA O
families O
) O
. O

( O
2018 O
) O
also O
discovered O
that O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
positively O
impacts O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Among O
the O
modern O
, O
intermediate O
and O
ancient O
WOX B-CommonName
proteins O
tested O
by O
Y2H O
for O
this O
report O
, O
only O
the O
latter O
interacted O
with O
PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
in O
Y2H O
. O

( O
2007b O
) O
Two O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
transcription O
factors O
, O
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
NST1 B-CommonName
, O
function O
redundantly O
in O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Stem B-Location
cross O
- O
section O
showing O
intercalated O
phloem B-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
in O
pxy B-CommonName
( O
c O
) O
and O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
pxy B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
( O
d O
) O
. O

The O
plants O
were O
treated O
with O
fertilizer O
every O
two O
weeks O
. O

Sub O
- O
cellular O
localization O
and O
transcriptional O
activation O
of O
CmMYB8 B-CommonName
. O

( O
A O
) O
SOTA O
clustering O
of O
the O
different O
genes O
using O
Log2 O
( O
TPM O
) O
. O

g O
Wild O
type O
and O
rsw12 B-CommonName
roots B-Location
grown O
for O
either O
8 O
days O
at O
20 O
C O
or O
for O
5 O
days O
at O
20 O
C O
and O
then O
3 O
days O
at O
31 O
C O
, O
and O
stained O
in O
propidium O
iodide O
. O

( O
TIF O
) O
Table O
S1 O
Parameters O
of O
fluorescence O
recovery O
after O
photobleaching O
( O
FRAP O
) O
at O
the O
apical O
plasma O
membrane O
of O
growing O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
for O
ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
in O
different O
backgrounds O
. O

97 O
Aliquots O
were O
then O
flash O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
for O
30 O
to O
60 O
seconds O
before O
being O
98 O
placed O
into O
an O
incubator O
at O
37 O
o O
C O
with O
shaking O
at O
700 O
rpm O
to O
thaw O
for O
5 O
min O
in O
order O
99 O
to O
permeate O
the O
nuclear O
membrane O
. O

Family O
GT66 B-CommonName
dolichyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
diphospho I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
oligosaccharide I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
glycosyltransferases I-CommonName
and O
related O
proteins O
. O

KM O
- O
S O
wrote O
the O
article O
with O
critical O
comments O
provided O
by O
AL O
and O
AB O
- O
Z O
. O

Osato O
Y O
, O
Yokoyama O
R O
, O
Nishitani O
K O
( O
2006 O
) O
A O
principal O
role O
for O
AtXTH18 O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
root B-Location
growth B-Process
: O
A O
functional O
analysis O
using O
RNAi O
plants O
. O

EuCaN B-CommonName
homologs O
were O
found O
in O
moss O
, O
fern O
, O
gymnosperm O
, O
monocots O
and O
eudicots O
( O
Figure O
4 O
) O
. O

Plastic O
and O
locally O
adapted O
phenology O
in O
cambial O
seasonality O
and O
production O
of O
xylem B-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
Picea B-Species
abies I-Species
from O
temperate O
environments O
. O

Columns O
B O
- O
D O
show O
the O
sum O
of O
mean O
normalized O
DESeq2 O
expression O
values O
for O
WT O
, O
35S O
: O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
and O
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
. O

Among O
them O
, O
13 O
. O
8 O
% O
( O
4 O
, O
397 O
) O
of O
transcripts O
had O
no O
annotation O
in O
the O
reference O
genome O
( O
Additional O
file O
1 O
) O
. O

Low O
expression O
of O
PtrKOR4 B-CommonName
, O
which O
forms O
a O
duplicated O
pair O
with O
PtrKOR3 B-CommonName
, O
and O
of O
PtrKOR5 B-CommonName
suggest O
they O
may O
not O
be O
actively O
involved O
in O
Populus B-Species
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

1a O
; O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
gturco O
. O
github O
. O
io O
/ O
trenzalore O
/ O
stress_network O
) O
. O

Determination O
of O
GUS O
activity O
revealed O
that O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
. I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
was O
able O
to O
independently O
activate O
expression O
of O
PtoHB7 B-CommonName
, O
whereas O
the O
activation O
was O
completely O
abolished O
by O
the O
addition O
of O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
; O
Fig O
. O

Statistical O
significance O
was O
estimated O
using O
the O
Student O
t O
test O
( O
* O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
; O
compared O
with O
control O
) O
. O

However O
, O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
DEX O
, O
GVG O
: O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
transgenic O
seedlings O
exhibited O
inhibition O
of O
root B-Location
elongation B-Process
( O
Figures O
5A O
and O
5B O
) O
. O

Transcriptome O
comparisons O
in O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
with O
contrasting O
density O
The O
xylem B-Location
transcriptomes O
of O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
with O
HD O
and O
LD O
were O
compared O
in O
the O
two O
microarray O
experiments O
. O

An O
increase O
of O
G O
unit O
proportion O
accompanied O
by O
a O
decrease O
in O
S O
unit O
proportion O
was O
found O
in O
both O
atprx52 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
atprx52 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
. O

Coordinated O
genetic O
regulation O
of O
growth B-Process
and O
lignin B-Compound
revealed O
by O
quantitative O
trait O
locus O
analysis O
of O
cDNA O
microarray O
data O
in O
an O
interspeci O
fi O
c O
backcross O
of O
eucalyptus B-Species
. O

Further O
labelling O
studies O
will O
be O
necessary O
to O
determine O
whether O
there O
are O
differential O
roles O
for O
PAL B-CommonName
and O
PTAL B-CommonName
in O
fl B-Compound
avonoid I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

The O
numbers O
begin O
with O
Gorai O
are O
the O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
sensor O
genes O
in O
G O
. O

The O
use O
of O
gene O
vectors O
in O
plant O
molecular O
biology O
. O

The O
insertion O
DNA O
sequences O
were O
analyzed O
by O
PLACE O
and O
PlantCARE O
, O
as O
shown O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

GhTCP4 B-CommonName
promotes O
the O
expression O
of O
SCW B-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
. O

Therefore O
, O
we O
established O
an O
automated O
histology O
approach O
to O
create O
a O
cellular O
resolution O
atlas O
that O
reveals O
the O
vascular B-Location
morphody O
- O
namics O
during O
hypocotyl B-Location
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
. O

Tobacco B-Species
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
powder O
samples O
were O
weighed O
( O
5 O
mg O
) O
in O
a O
small O
sample O
cup O
; O
pyrolyzed O
using O
a O
Pyrolyzer O
at O
500 O
C O
, O
and O
the O
resi O
- O
dues O
were O
analyzed O
using O
molecular O
beam O
mass O
spec O
- O
trometer O
( O
Evans O
and O
Milne O
1987 O
) O
. O

REVIGO O
Treemaps O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
. O

Grossniklaus O
( O
University O
of O
Zurich O
) O
for O
the O
pMDC7 O
vector O
, O
and O
T O
. O

A O
re O
- O
cent O
genetic O
analysis O
aimed O
at O
characterizing O
regulators O
of O
the O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
also O
identi O
fi O
ed O
LBD4 B-CommonName
as O
a O
putative O
vascular B-Location
regulator O
( O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2019 O
) O
. O

Conversely O
, O
all O
three O
TFs O
could O
transactivate O
the O
SCW B-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
- O
associated O
CesA8 B-CommonName
gene O
promoter O
, O
but O
not O
representatives O
of O
hemicellulose B-Compound
( O
IRX9 B-CommonName
) O
or O
lignin B-Compound
( O
4CL1 B-CommonName
) O
biosynthesis B-Process
[ O
21 O
] O
. O

3 O
for O
details O
of O
the O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
. O

Black O
triangle O
marked O
Trp27 O
( O
W O
) O
and O
His40 O
( O
H O
) O
in O
Repeat O
1 O
are O
important O
for O
phospholipid O
binding O
( O
Delmer O
and O
Potikha O
, O
1997 O
) O
and O
peroxidase B-CommonName
activity O
( O
Mortimer O
et O
al O
. O

JW O
, O
BZ O
and O
BJ O
wrote O
the O
paper O
. O

The O
results O
showed O
that O
His O
- O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
digested O
dsDNA O
to O
smear O
with O
1 O
or O
10 O
mM O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
incubation O
for O
2 O
hours O
at O
room O
temperature O
( O
Figure O
5B O
) O
. O

S10B O
) O
, O
whereas O
the O
homozygous O
adpg1 B-CommonName
mutant O
exhibits O
a O
wild O
- O
type O
growth B-Process
phenotype O
as O
regards O
plant O
size O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
genomic O
fragment O
containing O
the O
entire O
ORF O
was O
inserted O
into O
the O
binary O
vector O
pCAMBIA1300 O
to O
generate O
the O
pBC14F O
construct O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Phenotype O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
at O
the O
tasseling O
stge O
. O

( O
c O
, O
d O
) O
Number O
of O
cambium B-Location
layers O
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
the O
plants O
in O
( O
a O
) O
and O
( O
b O
) O
. O

Another O
possibility O
that O
considerable O
amounts O
of O
H B-Compound
, I-Compound
G I-Compound
, I-Compound
and I-Compound
S I-Compound
monolignols I-Compound
are O
still O
released O
by O
thioacidolysis O
in O
the O
gh2 B-CommonName
mutant O
is O
that O
mutation O
in O
the O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
gene O
leads O
to O
increased O
expression O
of O
other O
OsCAD B-CommonName
genes O
, O
which O
could O
partially O
compensate O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
the O
gh2 B-CommonName
mutant O
. O

Radial O
section O
of O
thin O
- O
walled O
fibers B-Location
without O
normal O
SCW B-Compound
( O
A O
) O
. O

Connectivity O
distribution O
for O
the O
relevance O
network O
. O

Infrared O
and O
Raman O
spectra O
of O
lignin B-Compound
substructures O
: O
Coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
, O
abietin B-Compound
, O
and O
coniferyl B-Compound
aldehyde I-Compound
. O

The O
gene O
sequences O
were O
transferred O
into O
the O
pEarleyGate O
100 O
destination O
vector O
( O
Earley O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
basing O
on O
the O
results O
of O
MEME O
analysis O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
order O
to O
interfere O
with O
native O
auxin B-Compound
physiology O
, O
we O
overexpressed O
the O
auxin B-Compound
transporter O
PtrPIN5 B-CommonName
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

In O
addition O
to O
these O
fractionated O
sugars O
, O
the O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
, O
one O
of O
the O
main O
components O
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Boudet O
2000 O
) O
, O
was O
measured O
in O
the O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
and O
sheaths B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Details O
of O
single O
nucleotide O
polymorphisms O
( O
SNPs O
) O
within O
all O
the O
candidate O
genes O
. O

Introduction O
Forest O
trees O
produce O
large O
amounts O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
SCW B-Compound
) O
in O
their O
trunks O
that O
accounts O
for O
the O
bulk O
of O
plant O
biomass O
. O

( O
For O
inter O
- O
pretation O
of O
the O
references O
to O
colour O
in O
this O
fi O
gure O
legend O
, O
the O
reader O
is O
referred O
to O
the O
Web O
version O
of O
this O
article O
. O
) O
Fig O
. O

Additional O
file O
8 O
Other O
TFs O
expressed O
during O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
SCW B-Compound
and O
PCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
substrate O
promiscuity O
of O
HCT B-CommonName
was O
observed O
in O
all O
the O
plant O
taxa O
we O
tested O
, O
and O
it O
appears O
to O
have O
been O
conserved O
since O
plants O
fi O
rst O
appeared O
on O
land O
about O
450 O
Ma O
ago O
. O

If O
the O
increase O
was O
observed O
at O
load O
factor O
only O
, O
it O
was O
suggested O
that O
the O
leaves O
became O
rigid O
. O

Only O
12 O
. O
12 O
% O
of O
the O
associated O
loci O
were O
detectable O
with O
additive O
and O
dominant O
e O
ff O
ects O
, O
indicating O
that O
epistasis O
captured O
SNPs O
with O
minor O
e O
ff O
ects O
. O

SND2 B-CommonName
, O
a O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
gene O
, O
regulates O
genes O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
fibers B-Location
and O
increases O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
area O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
[ O
53 O
] O
. O

2000 O
) O
, O
various O
anionic O
peroxidases B-CommonName
from O
poplar B-Species
( O
Christensen O
et O
al O
. O

The O
results O
showed O
that O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
were O
arrayed O
more O
tightly O
in O
PtoIAA9m B-CommonName
- O
OE O
plants O
than O
WT O
( O
Fig O
. O

J O
Exp O
Bot O
62 O
: O
4055 O
- O
4065 O
Beasley O
C O
, O
Ting O
IP O
( O
1973 O
) O
The O
effects O
of O
plant O
growth B-Process
substances O
on O
in O
vitro O
fiber B-Location
development B-Process
from O
fertilized O
cotton B-Species
ovules B-Location
. O

The O
proliferation B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
cells I-Location
is O
a O
critical O
factor O
affecting O
wood B-Compound
quantity O
, O
whereas O
the O
expansion B-Process
of O
vessel O
elements O
derived O
from O
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
is O
a O
determi O
- O
nant O
of O
wood B-Compound
density O
and O
hydraulic O
conductivity O
. O

Both O
associations O
were O
detected O
by O
SNP O
MA_10435406_ O
13733 O
and O
were O
both O
partial O
to O
fully O
dominant O
in O
their O
form O
of O
inheritance O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

Leaf7 O
from O
B104 O
at O
the O
V7 O
stage O
was O
obtained O
, O
and O
3 O
g O
of O
sample O
was O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

Loss O
of O
STL B-CommonName
function O
changed O
the O
spatial O
distribution B-Process
of O
the O
CSCs O
in O
the O
Golgi O
. O

( O
1996 O
) O
Acetyl B-CommonName
xylan I-CommonName
esterase I-CommonName
from O
Trichoderma B-Species
reesei I-Species
contains O
an O
active O
- O
site O
serine O
residue O
and O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
- O
binding O
domain O
. O

However O
, O
a O
recent O
genome O
- O
wide O
study O
of O
the O
extensive O
LD O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Again O
, O
the O
eYFP O
signal O
was O
detected O
in O
the O
root B-Location
cap I-Location
and O
root B-Location
vascular I-Location
cylinder I-Location
from O
root B-Location
meristematic I-Location
zone I-Location
to O
the O
entire O
maturation B-Location
zone I-Location
( O
Figures O
1C O
to O
1H O
) O
. O

By O
contrast O
, O
neither O
IQD13 B-CommonName
DMT O
nor O
IQD13 B-CommonName
DPM O
affected O
the O
den O
- O
sity O
or O
alignment O
of O
microtubules O
( O
Figures O
3D O
and O
3E O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
IQD13 B-CommonName
must O
associate O
with O
both O
microtubules O
and O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
to O
increase O
cortical O
microtubule O
density O
. O

The O
stem B-Location
sample O
was O
collected O
from O
breast O
height O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
in O
an O
area O
devoid O
of O
damage O
. O

Cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
play O
many O
important O
roles O
in O
plant O
' O
s O
life O
: O
helping O
in O
cell O
adhesion B-Process
and O
expansion B-Process
, O
acting O
as O
a O
barrier O
to O
attack O
by O
pests O
and O
pathogens O
, O
and O
determining O
the O
physical O
properties O
of O
the O
plant O
( O
Braam O
1999 O
; O
Jones O
and O
Takemoto O
2004 O
; O
Scheible O
and O
Pauly O
2004 O
; O
Vorwerk O
et O
al O
. O

Quantitative O
trait O
locus O
( O
QTL O
) O
analysis O
of O
wood B-Compound
quality O
traits O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
nitens I-Species
. O

Furthermore O
, O
their O
MWs O
after O
digestion O
of O
the O
PNGase O
F O
were O
still O
higher O
than O
those O
calculated O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
TT2 B-CommonName
gene O
encodes O
an O
R2R3 B-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
domain O
protein O
that O
acts O
as O
a O
key O
determinant O
for O
proanthocyanidin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
in O
developing B-Location
seed I-Location
. O

Hemicellulose B-Compound
Hemicellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
- O
related O
genes O
were O
expressed O
in O
both O
roots B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
but O
their O
expression O
pattern O
was O
significantly O
different O
in O
the O
two O
organs O
. O

To O
con O
fi O
rm O
that O
cellulose B-Compound
levels O
were O
reduced O
in O
the O
stl1stl2 B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
we O
measured O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
by O
glucose B-Compound
release O
using O
Saeman O
hydrolysis B-Process
. O

S5 O
) O
in O
the O
presence O
and O
Fig O
. O

Each O
sample O
with O
two O
biological O
replicates O
and O
three O
technical O
replicates O
were O
used O
for O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
analysis O
in O
the O
LightCycler O
480II O
Real O
Time O
system O
( O
Roche O
) O
as O
per O
the O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
in O
- O
structions O
. O

dosa00903 O
Limonene B-Compound
and O
pinene B-Compound
degradation B-Process
( O
1 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os02t0730000 O
- O
01 O
Os02g0730000 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Mitochondrial O
aldehyde B-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

Li O
H O
( O
1999 O
) O
Control O
of O
pollen B-Location
tube I-Location
tip I-Location
growth B-Process
by O
a O
Rop B-CommonName
GTPase I-CommonName
dependent O
pathway O
that O
leads O
to O
tip O
- O
localized O
calcium O
influx O
. O

Genes O
not O
having O
al O
least O
1 O
RPKM O
( O
Reads O
per O
Kilobase O
per O
Million O
mapped O
reads O
) O
, O
in O
either O
the O
three O
mutant O
replicates O
or O
the O
three O
wild O
type O
replicates O
, O
were O
filtered O
out O
, O
and O
differential O
expression O
analysis O
was O
done O
with O
DESeq2 O
( O
14 O
) O
. O

Molecular O
mechanisms O
of O
flower B-Location
development B-Process
: O
An O
armchair O
guide O
. O

( O
D O
) O
P O
MusaVND3 B-CommonName
activity O
in O
the O
corm O
of O
the O
banana B-Species
. O

The O
horizontal O
bar O
in O
the O
box O
indicates O
the O
median O
of O
the O
reported O
values O
. O

To O
date O
, O
the O
function O
of O
AP B-CommonName
gene O
in O
plants O
including O
tree O
in O
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
or O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
still O
remains O
to O
be O
de O
- O
termined O
. O

Cytoplasmic O
Geometry O
Constrains O
Golgi O
during O
SCW B-Compound
Production O
Confocal O
imaging O
of O
Golgi O
in O
the O
cell O
cortex B-Location
allows O
some O
characterization O
of O
the O
relationship O
between O
the O
Golgi O
and O
the O
SCW B-Compound
but O
gives O
little O
information O
about O
the O
organization O
of O
other O
cellular O
components O
. O

coli O
expressed O
cytoplasmic O
domain O
in O
solution O
. O

BECKMANN O
, O
1987 O
Trait O
- O
based O
analyses O
for O
the O
detection O
of O
linkage O
between O
marker O
loci O
and O
Appl O
. O

Shoot B-Location
tissues I-Location
of O
1 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
poplar B-Species
plants O
were O
used O
. O

RSEM O
: O
accurate O
transcript O
quantification O
from O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
data O
with O
or O
without O
a O
refer O
- O
ence O
genome O
. O

These O
data O
support O
placement O
of O
C3H B-CommonName
at O
the O
interface O
between O
4 B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumarate I-Compound
and O
caffeate B-Compound
in O
the O
initial O
steps O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Genes O
assayed O
and O
the O
primer O
sequences O
used O
for O
this O
experiment O
are O
shown O
in O
Table O
1 O
. O

Our O
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
exhibiting O
both O
improved O
quantity O
and O
quality O
of O
woody O
biomass O
suggest O
that O
the O
2A O
system O
may O
be O
operated O
to O
produce O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
and O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
proteins O
, O
respectively O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
a O
biotechnological O
approach O
would O
allow O
targeting O
of O
traits O
considered O
desirable O
by O
the O
forest O
and O
pulp O
industries O
in O
specific O
tree O
species O
. O

The O
OXPdWND3A B-CommonName
had O
relatively O
high O
S O
content O
and O
low O
G O
content O
compared O
to O
those O
of O
WV94 O
, O
resulting O
in O
higher O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

We O
found O
that O
the O
Pop B-Species
- I-Species
ulus I-Species
SND B-CommonName
/ O
NST B-CommonName
genes O
were O
induced O
by O
GA B-Compound
treatment O
and O
had O
a O
tendency O
to O
be O
repressed O
by O
auxin B-Compound
, O
while O
both O
hormones O
could O
induce O
tested O
VNDs B-CommonName
. O

However O
, O
such O
networks O
may O
lead O
to O
ambiguous O
results O
, O
especially O
when O
the O
network O
is O
heavily O
connected O
( O
Brazhnik O
et O
al O
. O

A O
few O
studies O
have O
been O
investigating O
the O
transcription O
switches O
to O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
monocot O
species O
. O

Two O
examples O
of O
the O
conserved O
AS O
events O
in O
the O
two O
species O
were O
further O
analyzed O
in O
greater O
detail O
. O

The O
d O
N O
/ O
d O
S O
for O
the O
exon O
regions O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
less O
than O
one O
, O
re O
fl O
ecting O
the O
action O
of O
purifying O
selection O
at O
the O
nonsynonymous O
sites O
in O
exons O
. O

Banana B-Species
is O
being O
looked O
upon O
as O
a O
second O
- O
generation O
biofuel O
crop O
hence O
, O
utilization O
of O
these O
reg O
- O
ulatory O
elements O
for O
potential O
biomass O
manipulation O
in O
near O
future O
may O
be O
warranted O
[ O
31 O
] O
. O

Among O
these O
transcription O
factors O
, O
genes O
homologous O
with O
ATMYB2 B-CommonName
, O
AT O
- O
Table O
2 O
. O

The O
editors O
also O
went O
through O
the O
ms O
and O
we O
have O
a O
few O
suggestions O
to O
improve O
the O
work O
, O
as O
follows O
- O
and O
we O
apologize O
for O
being O
a O
bit O
prescriptive O
in O
these O
comments O
, O
but O
we O
see O
promise O
in O
your O
work O
and O
these O
suggestions O
are O
meant O
to O
help O
support O
your O
observations O
and O
claims O
: O
* O
We O
suggest O
that O
you O
provide O
information O
on O
the O
relative O
protein O
levels O
of O
WT O
and O
mutant O
YFP O
: O
CESA6 B-CommonName
in O
the O
transformants O
in O
the O
absence O
and O
presence O
of O
ES20 O
. O

Homogenate O
was O
centrifuged O
at O
10000 O
g O
for O
20 O
min O
and O
supernatant O
was O
collected O
and O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
content O
was O
estimated O
. O

Error O
bars O
represent O
the O
standard O
deviations O
( O
n O
= O
15 O
) O
. O

All O
samples O
were O
immediately O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
stored O
at O
- O
80 O
deg O
C O
until O
use O
. O

dosa04712 O
Circadian O
rhythm O
- O
plant O
( O
1 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os06t0552900 O
- O
00 O
Os06g0552900 O
; O
Similar O
to O
SP3D O
. O

DESeq2 O
algo O
- O
rithms O
were O
used O
to O
detect O
the O
DEGs O
. O

2g O
) O
, O
resem O
- O
bling O
EDX O
cells O
just O
before O
dormancy O
due O
to O
reduced O
rate O
of O
cam B-Location
- I-Location
bium I-Location
cell I-Location
periclinal B-Process
division I-Process
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Cloning O
and O
characterization O
of O
irregular B-CommonName
xylem4 I-CommonName
( O
irx4 B-CommonName
) O
: O
a O
severely O
lignin B-Compound
- O
de O
fi O
cient O
mutant O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

CMU1 B-CommonName
( O
At4g10840 O
) O
has O
two O
close O
homologs O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
CMU2 B-CommonName
( O
At3g27960 O
; O
55 O
% O
identity O
to O
CMU1 B-CommonName
) O
and O
CMU3 B-CommonName
( O
At1g27500 O
; O
53 O
% O
identity O
to O
CMU1 B-CommonName
; O
Fig O
- O
ure O
S1B O
) O
. O

However O
, O
two O
other O
beta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
xylosidase I-CommonName
genes O
were O
highly O
up O
- O
regulated O
( O
cluster O
II O
) O
in O
both O
stages O
; O
suggesting O
that O
they O
play O
a O
role O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodelling B-Process
during O
both O
the O
primary B-Process
and I-Process
secondary I-Process
growth I-Process
of O
pioneer O
roots B-Location
. O

The O
MYB46 B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
is O
a O
direct O
target O
of O
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
regulates O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
Klason O
lignin B-Compound
( O
KL O
) O
level O
was O
also O
more O
reduced O
in O
the O
triple O
mutant O
than O
in O
the O
CAD B-CommonName
and O
CCR B-CommonName
mutants O
whereas O
the O
so O
- O
called O
acido O
- O
soluble O
lignin B-Compound
( O
ASL O
) O
was O
increased O
, O
which O
made O
the O
total O
( O
KL O
+ O
ASL O
) O
amount O
similar O
for O
all O
the O
mutant O
lines O
( O
Table O
2A O
) O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
it O
seems O
that O
more O
thermally O
stable O
wood B-Compound
of O
PAD4 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
was O
the O
result O
of O
altered O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
consisting O
of O
more O
stable O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
, O
and O
less O
abundant O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
genome O
encodes O
for O
73 O
peroxidases B-CommonName
and O
it O
would O
be O
reasonable O
to O
expect O
that O
at O
least O
one O
of O
them O
is O
orthologous O
to O
ZePrx B-Species
and O
able O
to O
oxidize B-Process
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
, O
which O
would O
lead O
ultimately O
to O
S O
unit O
forma O
- O
tion O
. O

Tyrosine B-Compound
phosphorylation O
controls O
brassinosteroid B-Compound
receptor O
activation O
by O
triggering O
membrane O
release O
of O
its O
kinase B-CommonName
inhibitor O
. O

The O
advantage O
of O
NIRS O
with O
respect O
to O
mid O
- O
infrared O
spectroscopy O
( O
MIR O
) O
is O
the O
deeper O
penetration O
into O
materials O
, O
therefore O
samples O
can O
be O
bulky O
and O
need O
only O
little O
preparation O
. O

Absolute O
transcript O
values O
are O
expressed O
as O
a O
percentage O
of O
their O
expression O
potential O
( O
E O
. O
P O
. O

thaliana I-Species
plants O
with O
pal1 B-CommonName
pal2 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
decreased O
significantly O
, O
tannic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
in O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
was O
lack O
of O
concentration O
( O
Chong O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

1996 O
) O
] O
was O
previously O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
a O
cell O
elongation B-Process
protein O
( O
Takahashi O
et O
al O
. O

platyphylla I-Species
x I-Species
Betula I-Species
pendula I-Species
( O
WT O
) O
. O

Wightman O
R O
, O
Turner O
S O
( O
2010 O
) O
Tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
. O

Growth B-Process
stage O
- O
based O
pheno O
- O
typic O
analysis O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
: O
a O
model O
for O
high O
throughput O
func O
- O
tional O
genomics O
in O
plants O
. O

Regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
by O
poplar B-Species
R2R3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
PtrMYB152 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Experiments O
were O
performed O
as O
described O
by O
Timmers O
et O
al O
. O

Arabinan B-Compound
was O
also O
present O
in O
primary B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
a O
weak O
signal O
was O
observed O
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
( O
Figure O
6H O
) O
. O

The O
other O
insertion O
sequences O
" O
CCTGTCGCCCGG O
" O
and O
" O
CCAGTAGTTCGG O
" O
did O
not O
match O
any O
known O
motif O
, O
and O
represent O
candidate O
novel O
DNA O
motifs O
bound O
by O
MYB B-CommonName
that O
have O
not O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
previously O
. O

Nothing O
is O
known O
about O
genes O
from O
structural O
clade O
3 O
, O
which O
is O
also O
considered O
part O
of O
functional O
clade O
II O
, O
but O
most O
are O
part O
of O
tandem O
duplications O
, O
their O
neighbours O
belonging O
to O
structural O
clade O
2 O
. O

For O
all O
detected O
QTL O
, O
the O
percentage O
of O
variance O
explained O
as O
estimated O
by O
interval O
mapping O
was O
also O
reported O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
feruloyl B-Compound
quinic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
isomers O
were O
consistently O
higher O
under O
salt O
stress O
, O
whereas O
the O
hexosylated O
phenylpropanoids B-Compound
were O
lower O
in O
the O
data O
set O
of O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
but O
restored O
to O
normal O
levels O
or O
were O
even O
up O
in O
the O
data O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

Reasons O
for O
the O
use O
of O
the O
draft O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
ge O
- O
nome O
are O
explained O
in O
the O
next O
paragraph O
. O

( O
1 O
) O
Quantifying O
the O
relationships O
between O
the O
abundances O
of O
gene O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
transcripts O
and O
proteins O
. O

Genes O
in O
the O
10 O
clusters O
showed O
distinct O
expression O
patterns O
in O
the O
five O
characterized O
internodes O
. O

Electrochimica O
Acta O
Oxidation O
mechanism O
of O
fl B-Compound
avanone I-Compound
taxifolin I-Compound
. O

2003 O
) O
showed O
no O
signi O
fi O
cant O
differences O
between O
WT O
, O
DIMOX O
and O
DIMRNAi O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Opened O
stomata B-Location
allowed O
for O
the O
free O
movement O
of O
gases O
out O
of O
the O
leaf B-Location
, O
and O
the O
gases O
were O
imprinted O
in O
the O
nail O
polish O
just O
before O
its O
drying O
. O

( O
d O
) O
Phloroglucinol O
staining O
showing O
disorganized O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
and O
precocious O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
two O
representative O
XVP B-CommonName
overexpression O
( O
OX O
) O
lines O
. O

Microarray O
analyses O
were O
performed O
using O
four O
chips O
per O
treatment O
, O
and O
data O
were O
processed O
using O
FlexArray O
( O
Blazejczyk O
et O
al O
. O

The O
reaction O
was O
performed O
as O
follows O
: O
94 O
* O
C O
for O
5 O
min O
, O
36 O
cycles O
of O
94 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
, O
52 O
* O
C O
for O
40 O
s O
and O
72 O
* O
C O
for O
1 O
min O
, O
with O
a O
fi O
nal O
extension O
at O
72 O
* O
C O
for O
10 O
min O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Tissue O
- O
type O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
transcriptome O
analysis O
identi O
fi O
es O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
promoters O
in O
poplar B-Species
. O

Correlation O
between O
samples O
from O
the O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
analysis O
( O
Related O
to O
Figure O
8 O
) O
. O

Three O
independent O
paired O
trials O
were O
conducted O
for O
each O
line O
where O
mutant O
/ O
transgenic O
replicates O
were O
grown O
alongside O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
control O
replicates O
to O
minimize O
variation O
. O

To O
validate O
our O
results O
here O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
time O
- O
series O
DE O
gene O
clusters O
to O
co O
- O
expression O
gene O
modules O
previously O
de O
fi O
ned O
( O
Gerttula O
et O
al O
. O

Polychromatic O
staining O
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
by O
toluidine O
blue O
O O
. O

In O
petioles B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
of O
plants O
trans O
- O
formed O
with O
the O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
- O
5 O
/ O
3 O
construct O
( O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
promoter O
and O
terminator O
) O
, O
GUS O
expression O
was O
greatly O
reduced O
and O
was O
primarily O
restricted O
to O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Note O
ectopic O
metaxylem B-Location
( O
arrows O
) O
and O
disrupted O
protoxylem B-Location
( O
arrowhead O
) O
. O

thaliana I-Species
( O
in O
black O
) O
containing O
an O
AvrII O
restriction O
site O
( O
in O
red O
) O
in O
its O
3 O
' O
- O
end O
and O
flanked O
with O
the O
Gateway O
att4R O
( O
5 O
' O
- O
end O
) O
and O
att3R O
( O
3 O
' O
- O
end O
) O
recombination O
sites O
( O
in O
blue O
) O
: O
GACAACTTTTCTATACAAAGTTGactgactaactagGATGAGCTAAGCTAGCTATATCATCAATTTATGT O

ATTACACATAATATCGCACTCAGTCTTTCATCTACGGCAATGTACCAGCTGATATAATCAGTTATTGAAA O
TATTTCTGAATTTAAACTTGCATCAATAAATTTATGTTTTTGCTTGGACTATAATACCTGACTTGTTATT O
TTATCAATAAATATTTAAACTATATTTCTTTCAAGATGGGAATTAACATCTACAAATTGCCTTTTCTTAT O

CGACCATGTACcccgggtaccaagcttctcgagCGGAATGAGAGACGAGAGCAATGTGCTAAGAGAAGAG O
ATTGGGAAGAGAGAAGAGAAGATAAAGGAAACGGAAAAGCATATGGAGGAGCTTCACATGGAGCAAGTGA O

GGCTGAGAAGACGGTCAAGTGAGCTTACGGAAGAAGTGGAAAGGACGAGAGTGTCTGCATCGGAAATGGC O
TGAGCAGAAAAGAGAAGCTATAAGACAGCTTTGTATGTCTCTTGACCATTACAGAGATGGGTACGACAGA O
CTTTGGAGAGTTGTTGCAGGACATAAGAGTAAGAGAGTAGTGGTCTTATCAACTTGAAGTGTAAGAACAA O

TGAGTCAATGACTACGTGCAGGACATTGGACATACCGTGTGTTCTTTTGGATTGAAATGTTGTTTCGAAG O
GGCTGTTAGTTGATGTTGAAAATAGGTTGAAGTTGAATAATGCATGTTGATATAGTAAATATCAATGGTA O
ATATTTTCTCATTTCCCAAAACTCAAATGATATCATTTAACTATAAACTAACGTAAACTGTTGACAATAC O

ACTTATGGTTAAAAATTTGGAGTCTTGTTTTAGTATACGTATCACCACCGCACGGTTTCAAAACCACATA O
ATTGTAAATGTTATTGGAAAATAGAACTCGCAATACGTATTGTATTTTGGTAAACATAGCTCTAAGCCTC O
TAATATATAAGCTCTCAACAATTCTGGCTAATGGTCCCAAGTAAGAAAAGCCCATGTATTGTAAGGTCAT O

GATCTCAAAAACGAGGGTGAGGTGGAATACTAACATGAGGAGAAAGTAAGGTGACAAATTTTTGGGGCAA O
TAGTGGTGGATATGGTGGGGAGGTAGGTAGCATCATTTCTCCAAGTCGCTGTCTTTCGTGGTAA O
TGGTAG O

GTGTGTCTCTCTTTATATTATTTATTACTACTCATTGTAAATTTCTTTTTTCTACAATTTGTTTCTGACT O
CCAAAATACGTCACAAATATAATACTAGGCAAATAATTATTTTATTATAAGTCAATAGAGTGGTTGTTGT O
AAAATTGATTTTTTGATATTGAAAGAGTTCATGGACGGATGTGTATGCGCCAAATGGTAAGCCCTTGTAC O

TGTGCCGCGCGTATATTTTAACCACCACTAGTTGTTTCTCTTTTTCAAAAAACACAAAAAAAAAATAATT O
TGTTTTCTTAACGGCGTCAAATCTGACGGCGTCTCAATACGTTCAATTTTTTTCTTTCTTTCACATGGTT O
TCTCATAGCTTTGCATTGACCATAGGTAAAGGGATAAGGATAATGGTTTTTTCTCTTGTTTGTTTTATCC O

TTATTATTCAAAAAGGATAAAAAAACAGTGATATTTAGATTTCTTTGATTAAAAAAGTCATTGAAATTCA O
TATTTGATTTTTTGCTAAATGTCAACACAGAGACACAAACGTAATGCACTGTCGCCAATATTCATGGATC O
ATGACAATAAATATCACTAGAATAATTAAAAATCAGTAGAATGCAAACAAAGCATTTTCTAAGTAAAACA O

GTCTTTTATATTCACGTAATTGGAATTTCCTTTTTTTTTTTTTGTCGTAATTGGAATTTCCTTTATCAAA O
CCCAAAGTCCAAAACAATCGGCAATGTTTTGCAAAATGTTCAAAACTATTGGCGGGTTGGTCTATCCGAA O
TTGAAGATCTTTTCTCCATATGATAGACCAACGAAATTCGGCATACGTGTTTTTTTTTTTGTTTTGAAAA O

CCCTTTAAACAACCTTAATTCAAAATACTAATGTAACTTTATTGAACGTGCATCTAAAAATTTTGAACTT O
TGCTTTTGAGAAATAATCAATGTACCAATAAAGAAGATGTAGTACATACATTATAATTAAATACAAAAAA O
GGAATCACCATATAGTACATGGTAGACAATGAAAAACTTTAAAACATATACAATCAATAATACTCTTTGT O

GCATAACTTTTTTTGTCGTCTCGAGTTTATATTTGAGTACTTATACAAACTATTAGATTACAAACTGTGC O
TCAGATACATTAAGTTAATCTTATATACAAGAGCACTCGAGTGTTGTCCTTAAGTTAATCTTAAGATATC O
TTGAGGTAAATAGAAATAGTTGACTCGTTTTTATCTTCTTCTTTTTTTACCATGAGCAAAAAAGATGAAA O

TAAGTTCAAAACGTGACGAATCTATATGTTACTACTTAGTATGTGTCAATCATTAAATCGGGAAAACTTC O
ATCATTTCAGGAGTATTACAAAACTCCTAAGAGTGAGAACGACTACATAGTACATATTTTGATAAAAGAC O
TTGAAAACTTGCTAAAACGAATTTGCGAAAATATAATCATACAAGTGCCAGTGATTTTGATCGAATTATT O

CATAGCTTTGTAGGATGAACTTAATTAAATAATATCTCACAAAAGTATTGACAGTAACCTAGTACTATAC O
TATCTATGTTAGAATATGATTATGATATAATTTATCCCCTCACTTATTCATATGATTTTTGAAGCAACTA O
CTTTCGTTTTTTTAACATTTTCTTTTGTTGGTTATTGTTAATGAGCATATTTAGTCGTTTCTTAATTCCA O

CTGAAATAGAAAATACAAAGAGAACTTTAGTTAATAGATATGAACATAATCTCACATCCTCCTCCTACCT O
TCACCAAACACTTTTACATACACTTTGTGGTCTTTCTTTACCTACCACCATCAACAACAACACCAAGCCC O
CACTCACACACACGCAATCACGTTAAATTTAACGCCGTTTATTATCTCATCATTCACCAACTCCCACGTA O

CCTAACGCCGTTTACCTTTTGCCGTTGGTCCTCATTTCTCAAACCAACCAAACCTCTCCCTCTTATAAAA O
TCCTC O
TCTCCCTTCTTTATTTCTTCCTCAGCAGCTTCTTCTGCTTTCAATTACTCTCGcctaggACAACT O
TTGTATAATAAAGTTGTC O
Table O
S1 O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
MYB46 B-CommonName
directly O
regulates O
the O
gene O
expression O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
associated O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
development B-Process
of O
ligni O
fi O
ed O
sec O
- O
ondary O
walls B-Compound
in O
anther B-Location
endothecial I-Location
cells I-Location
is O
the O
fi O
rst O
committing O
step O
toward O
dehiscence B-Process
. O

If O
the O
CMU1 B-CommonName
puncta O
were O
motile O
, O
we O
expected O
that O
the O
recovery O
would O
preferentially O
happen O
at O
the O
peripheries O
of O
the O
bleached O
areas O
and O
slowly O
move O
toward O
the O
centers O
. O

Members O
of O
GH10 B-CommonName
usually O
associated O
with O
carbohydrate O
binding O
domains O
( O
CMBs O
) O
. O

Positive O
BiFC O
signals O
were O
observed O
in O
the O
nuclei O
of O
onion B-Species
peel O
epidermal O
cells O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
use O
of O
distinct O
sites O
for O
synthesis B-Process
of O
substrates O
and O
glycoconjugated O
products O
requires O
mechanisms O
for O
the O
transport O
of O
metabolites O
across O
biological O
membranes O
. O

All O
in O
vitro O
grown O
plants O
grew O
in O
pH O
5 O
. O
8 O
media O
containing O
4 O
. O
3g O
/ O
l O
MS O
salts O
, O
5g O
/ O
l O
Phytagel O
and O
10g O
/ O
l O
sucrose O
in O
square O
plates O
( O
12cm O
x O
12cm O
) O
. O

Supporting O
Information O
Table O
S2 O
Differentially O
expressed O
genes O
in O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutant O
from O
microarray O
analysis O
. O

We O
left O
out O
the O
TaCesA9 B-CommonName
gene O
because O
it O
was O
represented O
by O
a O
highly O
truncated O
cDNA O
. O

In O
maize B-Species
, O
a O
mutation O
in O
the O
Brittle B-CommonName
Stalk I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
( O
Bk2 B-CommonName
) O
gene O
, O
which O
is O
orthologous O
to O
rice B-Species
BC1 B-CommonName
gene O
, O
results O
in O
reduced O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
and O
a O
thin O
sclerenchyma B-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Ching O
et O
al O
. O

Computations O
were O
performed O
on O
resources O
provided O
by O
the O
Swedish O
National O
Infrastructure O
for O
Computing O
( O
SNIC O
) O
at O
UPPMAX O
. O

Extracellular O
laccases B-CommonName
and O
peroxidases B-CommonName
from O
sycamore B-Species
maple I-Species
( O
Acer B-Species
pseudoplatanus I-Species
) O
cell O
- O
suspension O
cultures O
. O

Either O
one O
( O
proteomics O
) O
or O
two O
( O
genomics O
) O
plants O
were O
used O
to O
constitute O
one O
biological O
replicate O
. O

Specific O
primers O
for O
a O
750 O
bp O
band O
of O
nptII O
gene O
were O
used O
to O
detect O
the O
insertion O
in O
the O
transformed O
lines O
. O
Supplementary O
Table O
1 O
. O

The O
first O
two O
basal O
internodes O
were O
taken O
of O
three O
individual O
plants O
of O
each O
line O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Color O
diVerence O
in O
newly O
matured O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
left O
) O
and O
mutant O
( O
right O
) O
seeds B-Location
. O

Similarly O
, O
VIGS O
- O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
lines O
showed O
a O
40 O
% O
increase O
in O
glucose B-Compound
release O
from O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
residue O
as O
compared O
to O
control O
. O

The O
DNA O
concentration O
was O
measured O
with O
a O
GeneQuant O
pro O
( O
BioChrom O
Labs O
. O

Polyamine B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
5 O
loss O
- O
of O
- O
function O
mutations O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
trigger O
metabolic O
and O
transcriptional O
reprogramming O
and O
promote O
salt O
stress O
tolerance O
. O

Optimizing O
lignocellulosic O
feedstock O
for O
improved O
biofuel O
productivity O
and O
processing O
. O

( O
2018 O
) O
Suppression O
of O
a O
single O
BAHD B-CommonName
gene O
in O
Setaria B-Species
viridis I-Species
causes O
large O
, O
stable O
decreases O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
feruloylation B-Process
and O
increases O
biomass O
digestibility O
. O

The O
plants O
were O
acclimated O
in O
soil O
and O
grown O
in O
controlled O
conditions O
in O
a O
growth B-Process
room O
( O
16 O
h O
light O
; O
light O
intensity O
, O
150 O
lmol O
/ O
m O
2 O
/ O
s O
; O
24 O
deg O
C O
) O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Development B-Process
of O
genome O
- O
wide O
simple O
sequence O
repeat O
markers O
using O
whole O
- O
genome O
shotgun O
sequences O
of O
sorghum B-Species
( O
Sorghum B-Species
bicolor I-Species
( I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) I-Species
Moench O
) O
. O

This O
coincided O
with O
a O
tendency O
towards O
increased O
wood B-Compound
density O
as O
well O
as O
significantly O
increased O
thickness O
of O
the O
suberized O
cork O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Red O
arrows O
indicate O
the O
flowers B-Location
used O
for O
observation O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
101 O
, O
13951 O
- O
13956 O
. O

Bar O
= O
50 O
mu O
m O
* O
* O
indicates O
significant O
difference O
between O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
t O
- O
test O
, O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
. O

Table O
1 O
List O
of O
gene O
names O
used O
in O
this O
paper O
and O
alternative O
names O
cited O
in O
the O
literature O
. O

The O
middle O
lamella O
, O
rich O
in O
pectins B-Compound
, O
joins O
and O
holds O
adjacent O
plant O
cells O
together O
. O

In O
sum O
- O
mary O
, O
our O
results O
suggest O
that O
a O
plateau O
in O
cambial B-Location
growth B-Process
combined O
with O
stagnating O
phloem B-Location
proliferation B-Process
is O
responsible O
for O
overall O
reduced O
radial O
growth B-Process
but O
relatively O
increased O
xylem B-Location
expansion B-Process
in O
Ler O
. O

Among O
the O
three O
known O
classes O
of O
pectin B-Compound
polysaccharides O
in O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
the O
localization O
of O
HGs O
was O
examined O
. O

F O
AST O
T O
REE O
2 O
- O
approximately O
maximum O
- O
likelihood O
trees O
for O
large O
alignments O
. O

To O
reveal O
the O
mechanism O
by O
which O
IQD13 B-CommonName
regulates O
cortical O
microtubules O
, O
we O
fused O
eight O
fragments O
of O
the O
IQD13 B-CommonName
coding O
sequence O
( O
Figure O
3A O
) O
with O
LexA O
: O
tagRFP O
and O
intro O
- O
duced O
the O
construct O
into O
leaf B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
of O
N B-Species
. I-Species

L O
M O
N O
L O
H O
F O
M O
W O
D O
V O
I O
M O
H O
N O
B2 O
COMT B-CommonName
II O
unknown O
L O
? O
? O
? O
? O
F O
M O
? O
? O
? O
? O
M O
? O
T O
B3 O
COMT B-CommonName
III O
unknown O
F O
L O
A O
F O
A O
F O
M O
W O
C O
V O
S O
L O
Y O
S O
reference O
position O
in O
PhCCR1 B-CommonName
: O
17 O
123 O
( O
124 O
) O
( O
125 O
) O
157 O
( O
158 O
) O
161 O
( O
185 O
) O
( O
186 O
) O
202 O
( O
205 O
) O
( O
220 O
) O
( O
253 O
) O
( O
284 O
) O
1 O
, O
2 O
, O
3 O
CCR B-CommonName
I O
dev O
. O

All O
together O
, O
the O
network O
contains O
601 O
novel O
in O
- O
teractions O
, O
although O
false O
negatives O
and O
false O
positives O
are O
a O
component O
of O
all O
network O
approaches O
12 O
. O

Annu O
Rev O
Plant O
Biol O
55 O
: O
495 O
- O
519 O
Scheffe O
H O
( O
1959 O
) O
The O
analysis O
of O
variance O
. O

Surprisingly O
, O
even O
thick O
- O
walled O
trichomes B-Location
did O
not O
stain O
blue O
after O
3 O
h O
color O
development B-Process
in O
these O
lines O
( O
Figure O
2G O
- O
I O
) O
. O

We O
fi O
nally O
obtained O
a O
constitutive O
overexpression O
vector O
named O
pGWB2 O
- O
CCR1 B-CommonName
, O
and O
a O
constitutive O
suppression O
vector O
called O
pGWB2 O
- O
FCCR1 B-CommonName
. O

Raman O
spectroscopy O
showed O
that O
the O
change O
in O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
trans O
- O
genic O
events O
was O
embodied O
in O
the O
deposition B-Process
and O
concentration O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Wild O
type O
anther B-Location
showed O
the O
net O
- O
like O
autofluorescence O
of O
lignin B-Compound
under O
UV O
light O
. O

Map O
of O
pH7GWIWG2 O
( O
I O
) O
vector O
used O
for O
transformation O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Other O
genes O
encoding O
enzymes O
belonging O
to O
xyloglucan B-CommonName
endo I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
transglycosylases I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
hydrolases I-CommonName
( O
XTHs B-CommonName
) O
can O
also O
be O
required O
to O
reinforce O
a O
damaged O
or O
altered O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

We O
discovered O
that O
approximately O
14 O
% O
of O
the O
reads O
mapped O
to O
mitochondrial O
and O
chloroplast O
gen O
- O
omes O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

CC1 B-CommonName
and O
CC2 B-CommonName
cDNAs O
were O
cloned O
in O
frame O
to O
GFP O
via O
LR O
reaction O
using O
the O
pENTR O
clones O
. O

80 O
mg O
) O
was O
harvested O
and O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
with O
RNeasy O
Plant O
Mini O
Kit O
according O
to O
the O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instructions O
( O
Qiagen O
, O
Valencia O
, O
CA O
) O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Molecular O
and O
biochemical O
basis O
for O
stress O
- O
induced O
accumulation B-Process
of O
free O
and O
bound O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaraldehyde I-Compound
in O
cucumber B-Species
. O

Analysis O
of O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
homology O
. O

To O
study O
the O
prevalence O
and O
the O
type O
of O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
, O
we O
searched O
for O
all O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
present O
in O
the O
genome O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Rice B-Species
protoplast O
cells O
coexpressing O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
( O
C O
- O
terminal O
tagging O
) O
with O
sialyltransferase B-CommonName
( O
SialT B-CommonName
) O
- O
RFP O
. O

The O
radius O
of O
the O
xylem B-Location
ring O
was O
wider O
in O
all O
transgenic O
pad4 B-CommonName
lines O
than O
in O
the O
control O
( O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
) O
; O
for O
cross O
sections O
analysed O
in O
shoot B-Location
fragments O
collected O
at O
10 O
and O
30 O
cm O
, O
starting O
from O
the O
apical O
part O
of O
the O
plant O
( O
Fig O
. O

TLR2 B-CommonName
contains O
an O
extracellular O
LRR B-CommonName
domain I-CommonName
that O
is O
critical O
for O
transmitting O
the O
peptideglycan O
, O
lipopeptide O
, O
and O
chitin O
signal O
across O
the O
cell O
membrane O
to O
initiate O
innate O
immunity O
response O
against O
pathogens O
[ O
55 O
, O
56 O
] O
. O

The O
red O
arrowhead O
indicates O
the O
stop O
codon O
introduced O
by O
the O
insertion O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
dry O
weight O
and O
seed B-Location
weight O
of O
tt10 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
lac15 I-CommonName
mutant O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
seeds B-Location
The O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
dry O
weight O
was O
extracted O
by O
following O
a O
protocol O
described O
by O
Fry O
( O
1988 O
) O
. O

cn O
/ O
gossypium O
/ O
) O
, O
and O
the O
expression O
profiles O
of O
all O
the O
26 O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
during O
the O
development B-Process
of O
ovules B-Location
and O
fibers B-Location
were O
investigated O
. O

S4 O
) O
, O
they O
presented O
subtle O
alterations O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
triggered O
by O
salt O
stress O
( O
Table O
4 O
) O
. O

Cluster O
two O
has O
383 O
genes O
in O
total O
with O
a O
major O
category O
biological O
process O
. O

Simi O
- O
larly O
, O
even O
slight O
decrease O
of O
SA B-Compound
level O
in O
LSD1 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
poplar B-Species
line O
( O
approx O
. O

4D O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
they O
were O
dead O
. O

Supplementary O
Figure O
S2 O
| O
Protein O
alignment O
of O
CTR1 B-CommonName
isoform O
( O
s O
) O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
majority O
of O
these O
candidate O
genes O
appeared O
to O
influence O
both O
traits O
in O
a O
syn O
- O
ergistic O
manner O
to O
increase O
or O
decrease O
wood B-Compound
stiffness O
. O

Nine O
genes O
involved O
in O
HG B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
were O
identified O
in O
pioneer O
rots O
in O
the O
current O
study O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
CesA7 B-CommonName
was O
down O
- O
regulated O
in O
rsw12 B-CommonName
. O

We O
suggest O
CAD B-CommonName
clade O
II O
and O
III O
genes O
might O
be O
more O
active O
in O
benzaldehyde B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
instead O
, O
which O
is O
also O
stress O
related O
, O
but O
not O
speci O
fi O
c O
to O
monocots O
. O

Coupland O
, O
SnapShot O
: O
Control O
of O
flowering B-Process
in O
Arabi O
- O
dopsis O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Movement O
of O
smaCCs O
/ O
MASCs O
observed O
in O
seedlings O
treated O
as O
in O
( O
C O
) O
. O

These O
results O
showed O
that O
each O
of O
the O
35S O
: O
: O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
transgenic O
lines O
produced O
a O
band O
at O
28 O
KDa O
( O
Fig O
. O

Lower O
panels O
depict O
3D O
projections O
of O
confocal O
stacks O
to O
visualize O
absence O
of O
TMO5 O
- O
positive O
cells O
outside O
of O
the O
xylem B-Location
axis O
. O

Of O
these O
cDNAs O
, O
6169 O
clones O
had O
been O
randomly O
sequenced O
and O
assembled O
into O
3320 O
xylem B-Location
unigenes O
( O
986 O
contigs O
and O
2334 O
singletons O
) O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Transcript O
levels O
were O
determined O
by O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
with O
gene O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
primers O
. O

However O
, O
there O
were O
also O
genes O
that O
were O
preferentially O
regulated O
by O
AtVND6 B-CommonName
or O
AtSND1 B-CommonName
[ O
23 O
] O
. O

Xyloglucans B-Compound
are O
present O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
( O
Gardner O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2002 O
) O
and O
reduction O
in O
the O
proportion O
of O
this O
polysaccharide O
might O
also O
explain O
glucose B-Compound
reduction O
in O
ccr1g B-CommonName
and O
ccc O
mutants O
. O

However O
, O
most O
studies O
have O
focused O
on O
identifying O
a O
small O
number O
of O
PPIs O
, O
typically O
involving O
a O
few O
well O
- O
characterized O
proteins O
. O

However O
, O
the O
molecular O
mechanism O
by O
which O
these O
transcription O
factors O
control O
different O
branches O
of O
the O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
remains O
poorly O
understood O
in O
woody O
species O
. O

B O
- O
D O
: O
After O
DCB O
treatment O
, O
the O
distribu O
- O
tion O
of O
micro O
fi O
brils O
was O
dramatically O
disturbed O
. O

In O
such O
a O
model O
, O
different O
combina O
- O
tions O
of O
Aux B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
IAAs I-CommonName
and O
TIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
AFBs B-CommonName
with O
different O
binding O
af O
fi O
nities O
to O
auxin B-Compound
would O
attribute O
to O
a O
differentiation B-Location
zone I-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
auxin B-Compound
response O
. O

A O
value O
of O
0 O
. O
145 O
was O
used O
for O
sample O
refractive O
index O
increment O
( O
dn O
/ O
dc O
) O
. O

In O
traditional O
breeding O
, O
the O
selection O
for O
high O
yield O
of O
cotton B-Species
fib B-Location
- I-Location
ers I-Location
has O
usually O
been O
accompanied O
by O
higher O
micronaire O
values O
7 O
. O

bungei I-Species
( O
23 O
, O
genome O
size O
: O
740 O
M O
) O
than O
in O
Sesamum B-Species
indicum I-Species
( O
34 O
, O
genome O
size O
: O
274 O
M O
) O
, O
P B-Species
. I-Species

PlantCARE O
, O
a O
database O
of O
plant O
cis O
- O
acting O
regulatory O
elements O
and O
a O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Our O
current O
results O
appear O
to O
be O
different O
from O
the O
finding O
of O
Jin O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2008a O
) O
Molecular O
and O
phenotypic O
profiling O
from O
the O
base O
to O
the O
crown B-Location
in O
maritime B-Species
pine I-Species
wood B-Compound
- O
forming O
tissue O
. O

2005 O
) O
, O
seeds B-Location
maturation B-Process
and O
germination B-Process
( O
D O
i O
az O
et O
al O
. O

J O
Integr O
Plant O
Biol O
57 O
: O
349 O
- O
356 O
Shigeto O
J O
, O
Tsutsumi O
Y O
( O
2016 O
) O
Diverse O
functions O
and O
reactions O
of O
class B-CommonName
III I-CommonName
peroxidases I-CommonName
. O

How O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
complexity O
influences O
saccharification B-Process
efficiency O
in O
Miscant B-Species
- I-Species
hus I-Species
sinensis I-Species
. O

The O
change O
in O
the O
monomeric O
composition O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
fl O
uenced O
the O
rel O
- O
ative O
proportion O
of O
interunit O
linkages O
. O

Data O
are O
mean O
+ O
- O
SD O
from O
30 O
cells O
. O

tremula I-Species
genome O
sequence O
retrieved O
from O
" O
PopGenIE O
" O
( O
www O
. O
popgenie O
. O
org O
) O
. O

BLASTp O
searches O
were O
performed O
against O
non O
- O
redundant O
protein O
databases O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
and O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa O
from O
the O
National O
Centre O
for O
Biotechnology O
[ O
26 O
] O
to O
check O
the O
percentage O
of O
identity O
of O
the O
identified O
sequences O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
tissues I-Location
using O
a O
modified O
cetyltrimethylammonium O
bromide O
method O
( O
Chang O
et O
al O
. O

Their O
considerable O
economic O
importance O
has O
recently O
increased O
because O
traditional O
interests O
in O
pulp O
and O
paper O
production O
have O
been O
extended O
to O
the O
emergent O
areas O
of O
biofuels O
and O
biomaterials O
. O

Scale O
bar O
, O
1 O
mm O
Penning O
et O
al O
. O

Fourteen O
fractions O
of O
approximately O
350 O
m O
l O
were O
obtained O
by O
use O
of O
a O
gradient O
fractionator O
at O
a O
speed O
of O
16 O
drops O
/ O
min O
. O

Histochemical O
staining O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
expressing O
the O
GUS O
reporter O
gene O
under O
control O
of O
the O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
promoter O
in O
flower B-Location
and O
hypocotyl B-Location
. O

Wang O
, O
Genetic O
manipulation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
reduces O
recalcitrance O
and O
improves O
ethanol O
production O
from O
switch B-Species
- I-Species
grass I-Species
, O
Proc O
. O

Primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSCs O
are O
trafficked O
to O
distinct O
intracellular O
compartments O
and O
eventually O
to O
the O
vacuole O
where O
they O
are O
degraded O
. O

d O
bc3 B-CommonName
culm B-Location
showing O
culm B-Location
brittleness O
. O

Besides O
fiber B-Location
, O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
was O
also O
highly O
expressed O
in O
the O
hypocotyl B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
constructed O
using O
MEGA O
software O
5 O
. O
05 O
by O
the O
CLUSTALW O
alignment O
and O
Neighbor O
- O
joining O
method O
and O
1000 O
bootstrap O
replications O
. O

8 O
, O
2017 O
; O
Accepted O
May O
29 O
, O
2017 O
; O
Online O
on O
Jun O
. O

4A O
) O
or O
through O
the O
cell O
center O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
1986 O
) O
Chromosomal O
location O
of O
some O
mutant O
genes O
through O
the O
use O
of O
primary O
trisomics O
in O
rice B-Species
. O

1999 O
) O
, O
except O
for O
MYBST1 B-CommonName
and O
BOXLCOREDCPAL O
, O
by O
PLACE O
only O
( O
double O
lines O
boxes O
) O
. O

Nineteenth O
century O
research O
on O
naturally O
occurring O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
and O
related O
phenomena O
. O

There O
was O
increased O
localization O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
under O
- O
Si O
condition O
in O
short O
cells O
in O
the O
adaxial O
epidermis B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
example O
, O
in O
the O
MIR397a B-CommonName
overexpres O
- O
sion O
transgenic O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
2011 O
) O
Salicylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
beyond O
defence O
: O
its O
role O
in O
plant O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

EIN2 B-CommonName
mediates O
direct O
regulation O
of O
histone O
acetylation B-Compound
in O
the O
ethylene B-Compound
response O
. O

Ethylene B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
responsive I-CommonName
genes O
inside O
each O
gene O
module O
are O
marked O
with O
a O
cross O
( O
see O
Supplementary O
Table O
S7 O
) O
. O

Thus O
, O
our O
data O
con O
fi O
rm O
previous O
reports O
that O
DCB O
in O
fl O
uences O
the O
growth B-Process
of O
plant O
cells O
( O
Scheible O
et O
al O
. O

DISCUSSION O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
, O
one O
of O
the O
four O
KNOX2 B-CommonName
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
has O
been O
proposed O
to O
function O
as O
either O
a O
transcriptional O
Figure O
5 O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Schematic O
diagram O
of O
the O
DX15 O
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
- O
2A O
- O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
construct O
. O

Based O
on O
the O
physicochemical O
properties O
of O
this O
structure O
, O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
provide O
mechanical O
support O
for O
upright O
growth B-Process
and O
hydrophobicity O
for O
water O
transportation O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os05t0572700 O
- O
01 O
Os05g0572700 O
; O
Similar O
to O
protein O
phosphatase B-CommonName
2C I-CommonName
ABI1 O
. O

In O
conclusion O
, O
a O
genetic O
interaction O
between O
LBD4 B-CommonName
and O
PXY B-CommonName
regulates O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
shape O
. O

Some O
stress O
- O
controlled O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
might O
also O
exist O
to O
negative O
influence O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
cotton B-Species
. O

The O
emergence O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
vessels B-Location
was O
an O
important O
evolutionary O
event O
for O
plants O
to O
colonize O
terrestrial O
ecosystems O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Complexes O
with O
mixed O
primary O
and O
secondary O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
are O
functional O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
. O

LT O
coordinated O
and O
supervised O
this O
study O
, O
experimental O
strategy O
, O
and O
discussion O
of O
the O
outcomes O
, O
and O
revised O
the O
manuscript O
. O

Therefore O
, O
our O
aim O
was O
to O
determine O
poplar B-Species
PAD B-CommonName
function O
and O
its O
role O
in O
the O
deregulation O
of O
selected O
biochemical O
, O
physiological O
and O
developmental O
pro O
- O
cesses O
of O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
. O

DNA O
extraction O
, O
PtoCesA4 B-CommonName
identi O
fi O
cation O
, O
and O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
Total O
genomic O
DNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
young O
leaves B-Location
with O
the O
DNeasy O
Plant O
Mini O
kit O
( O
Qiagen O
China O
, O
Shanghai O
) O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
Manipulation O
of O
gua B-Compound
- I-Compound
iacyl I-Compound
and O
syringyl B-Compound
monomer O
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
an O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
mutant O
results O
in O
atypical O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
modi O
fi O
ed O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
. O

Among O
D O
homologs O
that O
are O
present O
in O
flowering O
plants O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ANAC074 B-CommonName
also O
is O
required O
for O
the O
death B-Process
of O
stem B-Location
pith I-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Both O
the O
homogenates O
were O
centrifuged O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

The O
laser O
spot O
size O
was O
set O
to O
large O
and O
laser O
power O
set O
at O
30 O
% O
, O
a O
total O
of O
1000 O
laser O
shots O
were O
fired O
at O
a O
rate O
of O
2 O
kHz O
per O
spectrum O
. O

Meanwhile O
, O
reduction O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
crystallinity O
is O
considered O
to O
increase O
cellulose B-Compound
digestibility O
( O
Himmel O
et O
al O
. O

Sugar O
content O
in O
the O
cellulosic O
fraction O
and O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
total O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
increased O
under O
- O
Si O
condition O
. O

( O
A O
) O
A O
pit B-Location
- O
specific O
pattern O
of O
GFP O
- O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
[ O
? O
] O
N O
. O

( O
Porceddu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2001 O
) O
and O
are O
known O
to O
be O
highly O
expressed O
in O
actively O
dividing O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
Populus B-Species
spp O
. O

However O
, O
after O
harvest O
the O
tissue O
hardens O
and O
its O
quality O
rapidly O
deteriorates O
because O
spear B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
become O
ri O
- O
gidified O
due O
to O
lignification B-Process
and O
substantial O
increases O
in O
heteroxylan B-Compound
content O
. O

In O
order O
to O
ensure O
survival O
and O
productivity O
, O
perennials O
in O
temperate O
cli O
- O
mates O
utilize O
cyclical O
environmental O
signals O
, O
such O
as O
daylength O
and O
seasonal O
temperature O
patterns O
. O

Impor O
- O
tantly O
, O
this O
concentric O
circles O
model O
emphasizes O
the O
enrichment O
of O
biosynthetic O
proteins O
and O
products O
in O
speci O
fi O
c O
functional O
Golgi O
domains O
with O
concomitant O
structural O
features O
. O

Plant O
J O
3 O
: O
763 O
- O
772 O
Baucher O
M O
, O
Lowe O
YO O
, O
Vandeputte O
OM O
et O
al O
( O
2011 O
) O
Ntann12 B-CommonName
annexin B-CommonName
expression O
is O
induced O
by O
auxin B-Compound
in O
tobacco B-Species
roots B-Location
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
( O
c O
) O
2015 O
deprivation O
and O
salt O
stress O
gene O
responses O
and O
was O
further O
character O
- O
ized O
( O
Fig O
. O

Staphylococcal B-CommonName
nuclease I-CommonName
domain I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
containing I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
SND1 B-CommonName
) O
is O
a O
known O
transcriptional O
activator O
and O
served O
as O
a O
positive O
control O
. O

Although O
recombinant O
GT43 B-CommonName
proteins O
expressed O
in O
yeast O
do O
not O
exhibit O
xylosyltransferase B-CommonName
activity O
, O
microsomes O
from O
tobacco O
BY2 O
cells O
co O
- O
expressing O
IRX9 B-CommonName
and O
IRX14 B-CommonName
exhibit O
a O
high O
level O
of O
xylosyltransferase B-CommonName
activity O
that O
is O
capable O
of O
adding O
xylosyl O
residues O
onto O
xylooligomer O
acceptors O
[ O
20 O
] O
. O

SinA B-Compound
( O
magenta O
) O
and O
ConA B-Compound
( O
yellow O
) O
are O
shown O
in O
stick O
representation O
. O

In O
K O
Soko O
l O
owska O
, O
P O
Sowi O
nski O
, O
eds O
, O
Symplasmic O
Transport O
in O
Vascular O
Plants O
. O

These O
sequences O
were O
analysed O
along O
with O
angiosperm O
CAD B-CommonName
promoters O
( O
Eucalyptus B-Species
and O
Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
) O
to O
identify O
common O
cis O
- O
regulatory O
motifs O
and O
compare O
the O
distribution B-Process
patterns O
of O
these O
motifs O
. O

Bootstrap O
values O
were O
calcu O
- O
lated O
from O
1 O
, O
000 O
trials O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
the O
prin O
- O
ciples O
behind O
the O
CSC O
remodeling B-Process
are O
unknown O
, O
and O
we O
therefore O
do O
not O
understand O
if O
both O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
are O
present O
together O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
or O
if O
and O
how O
PCW B-Compound
CSCs O
are O
removed O
as O
SCW B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
proceeds O
. O

Expression O
anal O
- O
ysis O
of O
a O
plum B-CommonName
pathogenesis B-CommonName
related I-CommonName
10 I-CommonName
( O
PR10 B-CommonName
) O
protein O
during O
brown O
rot O
infection O
. O

Arrowheads O
indicate O
cells O
without O
plastids O
and O
DAPI O
- O
stained O
nuclei O
. O

Each O
punctured O
cell O
was O
located O
50 O
to O
75 O
mm O
below O
the O
cambium B-Location
, O
where O
the O
stained O
sections O
indicated O
active O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

TA B-Compound
is O
the O
main O
phytotoxin B-Compound
produced O
by O
Streptomyces O
scabiei O
, O
one O
of O
the O
causative O
agents O
of O
potato B-Species
common O
scab O
disease O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
24 O
: O
1522 O
- O
1533 O
Lee O
JJ O
, O
Woodward O
AW O
, O
Chen O
ZJ O
( O
2007 O
) O
Gene O
expression O
changes O
and O
early O
events O
in O
cotton B-Species
fibre B-Location
development B-Process
. O

All O
the O
constructs O
were O
introduced O
into O
Agrobacterium O
tumefa O
- O
ciens O
strain O
GV3101 O
for O
plant O
transformation O
. O

Figure O
4 O
demonstrates O
that O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
directly O
interacts O
with O
the O
promoter O
sequences O
of O
CAD2 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
and O
SUS5 B-CommonName
to O
downregulate O
their O
expression O
in O
planta O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
database O
( O
E O
value O
< O
= O
1e O
- O
5 O
) O
and O
chose O
the O
highest O
score O
gene O
as O
their O
orthologous O
gene O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Biochemical O
charac O
- O
terization O
of O
a O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
from O
wheat B-Species
. O

Nucleic O
acid O
sequence O
alignment O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
from O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
six O
inbred O
lines O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
hemicellulose B-Compound
contributes O
significantly O
to O
aluminum O
adsorption O
and O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
C O
) O
Degradome O
sequencing O
analysis O
of O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
, O
performed O
on O
the O
RNAs O
isolated O
from O
the O
3 O
- O
DPA O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
the O
GhmiR319a B-CommonName
overexpression O
line O
p35S O
: O
: O
GhMIR319 B-CommonName
. O

Cladogram O
of O
selected O
COMT B-CommonName
proteins O
and O
their O
gene O
structure O
. O

Simi O
- O
lar O
expression O
patterns O
were O
observed O
from O
six O
independent O
trans O
- O
genic O
lines O
. O

35S O
: O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
construct O
was O
introduced O
into O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
quadruple O
mutant O
177 O
also O
showed O
shorter O
siliques O
with O
compromised O
fertility O
( O
Fig O
. O

GFP O
- O
CC1 B-CommonName
and O
tdT O
- O
C6 O
co O
- O
localize O
in O
smaCCs O
/ O
MASCs O
( O
indicated O
by O
arrowheads O
) O
. O

5a O
) O
and O
differential O
scanning O
calorimetry O
signal O
( O
DSC O
, O
Fig O
. O

The O
KEGG O
database O
was O
used O
to O
analyze O
gene O
products O
related O
to O
metabolism B-Process
and O
gene O
function O
in O
cellular O
processes O
. O

found O
that O
application O
of O
TA B-Compound
on O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
and O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
resulted O
in O
a O
rapid O
and O
short O
- O
lived O
Ca O
2 O
? O
in O
fl O
ux O
( O
within O
the O
fi O
rst O
minute O
) O
. O

CEP1pro O
( O
- O
555 O
) O
or O
CaMV35Spro O
and O
CaMV35Ster O
serve O
as O
the O
regulatory O
elements O
of O
LUC O
in O
the O
reporters O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Functional O
specialization O
of O
the O
TRANSPARENT O
TESTA O
GLABRA1 O
network O
allows O
differential O
hormonal O
control O
of O
laminal O
and O
marginal O
trichome B-Location
initiation O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
rosette B-Location
leaves I-Location
. O

Values O
are O
means O
( O
mu O
m O
) O
+ O
- O
SE O
from O
30 O
cells O
from O
wild O
type O
and O
two O
transgenic O
lines O
( O
B O
) O
. O

Correlation O
analysis O
between O
stem B-Location
morphological O
parameters O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
traits O
were O
performed O
in O
R O
version O
3 O
. O
4 O
. O
3 O
statistical O
software O
using O
corrplot O
function O
. O

Dean O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
the O
Rosetta O
stone O
of O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
time O
? O
Science O
296 O
( O
2002 O
) O
285 O
- O
289 O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Changes O
in O
secondary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
and O
deposition B-Process
of O
an O
unusual O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
ref8 O
mutant O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS O
This O
work O
was O
supported O
by O
the O
Brazilian O
National O
Council O
for O
Scientific O
and O
Technological O
Development O
( O
CNPq O
) O
and O
the O
Coordination O
of O
Enhancement O
of O
Higher O
Education O
Personnel O
( O
CAPES O
) O
. O

Larsen O
K O
( O
2004b O
) O
Molecular O
cloning O
and O
characterization O
of O
cDNAs O
encoding O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
( O
CCR B-CommonName
) O
from O
barley B-Species
( O
Hordeum B-Species
vulgare I-Species
) O
and O
potato B-Species
( O
Solanum B-Species
tuberosum I-Species
) O
. O

141 O
, O
2011 O
were O
related O
with O
a O
speci O
fi O
c O
function O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

The O
identified O
genes O
were O
named O
following O
the O
nomenclature O
of O
barley B-Species
, O
which O
shares O
synteny O
with O
wheat B-Species
. O

Accordingly O
, O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
also O
enhanced O
expression O
of O
12 O
kinase B-CommonName
genes O
and O
one O
phosphatase B-CommonName
gene O
. O

Earlier O
studies O
have O
revealed O
the O
transcriptional O
regula O
- O
tory O
network O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
acceleration O
of O
SCWB B-Process
in O
the O
stems B-Location
by O
high O
SFT B-CommonName
reflects O
the O
combined O
impact O
of O
endogenous O
, O
stem B-Location
- O
borne O
florigen B-Compound
and O
of O
a O
mobile O
florigen B-Compound
( O
m B-Compound
- I-Compound
florigen I-Compound
) O
imported O
from O
the O
leaves B-Location
. O

Both O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A2 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
cannot O
suppress O
their O
cognate O
transcription O
factors O
but O
can O
suppress O
all O
members O
of O
the O
other O
family O
. O

VISUAL O
also O
allows O
monitoring O
of O
non B-Location
- I-Location
TE I-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

Distinctive O
labeling O
patterns O
were O
observed O
for O
galactan B-Compound
. O

Horseradish O
peroxidase O
1762 O
The O
Plant O
Cell O
chemiluminescence O
signal O
was O
then O
detected O
by O
x O
- O
ray O
fi O
lm O
( O
Thermo O
Fisher O
Scienti O
fi O
c O
, O
cat O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
101 O
, O
1455 O
- O
1460 O
. O

This O
is O
in O
accordance O
with O
a O
role O
for O
xylan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
genes O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
deposition B-Process
as O
observed O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
where O
several O
xylan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
mutants O
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

A O
number O
of O
SNBE O
- O
like O
sites O
was O
detected O
in O
the O
5 O
' O
upstream O
regulatory O
region O
of O
multiple O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
associated O
genes O
suggesting O
common O
regulatory O
mechanism O
governing O
these O
genes O
. O

We O
therefore O
analysed O
the O
CW O
phenotypes O
of O
control O
and O
DCB O
- O
treated O
seedlings O
. O

Transcriptome O
analysis O
The O
eighth O
internodes B-Location
and O
thirteenth O
leaves B-Location
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
plants O
at O
the O
13 O
- O
leaf B-Location
stage O
were O
sampled O
for O
RNA O
- O
seq O
library O
construction O
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
functional O
characterization O
of O
the O
BAG B-CommonName
protein O
family O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

The O
sig O
- O
ni O
fi O
cant O
enrichment O
for O
accessible O
chromatin O
among O
in O
vitro O
binding O
sites O
for O
all O
six O
EgrMYB B-CommonName
TFs O
suggests O
that O
many O
of O
them O
are O
functional O
and O
can O
be O
prioritized O
within O
the O
context O
of O
the O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
chromatin O
structure O
. O

1 O
was O
con O
- O
structed O
by O
the O
MEGA O
7software O
suite O
( O
V7 O
. O
0 O
. O
26 O
) O
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O

Blast O
search O
non O
- O
redundant O
pro O
- O
tein O
sequence O
database O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

These O
result O
provided O
strong O
support O
for O
the O
hypothesis O
that O
the O
presence O
of O
the O
ternary O
complex O
is O
required O
for O
the O
regulation O
of O
anthocyanin B-Compound
and O
PA B-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
in O
poplar B-Species
. O

( O
a O
) O
Degree O
distribution O
of O
the O
EgrMYB B-CommonName
- O
DHS O
- O
70 O
gene O
network O
. O

The O
primers O
to O
amplify O
the O
Pxds B-CommonName
were O
the O
following O
: O
Pxd42Fwd O
T O
GCTGTTCAGAGTTGTGATGC O
, O
Pxd42Rev O
CCAAAGCTTCTGTCGTGTTC O
( O
de O
- O
signed O
on O
the O
M O
. O

BioEdit O
( O
Hall O
1999 O
) O
was O
used O
to O
remove O
large O
gaps O
and O
segments O
of O
uncertain O
homology O
from O
the O
alignment O
( O
Baldauf O
2003 O
) O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
reduced O
lignin B-Compound
contents O
in O
the O
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
seem O
to O
not O
affect O
the O
growth B-Process
fi O
tness O
in O
the O
fi O
eld O
condition O
. O

Gene O
count O
analysis O
was O
conducted O
by O
Cufflinks O
( O
ver O
. O

Plant O
J O
31 O
: O
675 O
- O
685 O
Nissen O
KS O
, O
Willats O
WGT O
, O
Malinovsky O
FG O
( O
2016 O
) O
Understanding O
CrRLK1L B-CommonName
function O
: O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
growth B-Process
control O
. O

thaliana I-Species
was O
grown O
at O
22uC O
on O
MS O
agar O
plates O
or O
in O
soil O
with O
12 O
h O
light O
/ O
12 O
h O
dark O
cycles O
in O
a O
Percival O
growth B-Process
chamber O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
WI5 B-CommonName
is O
primarily O
expressed O
in O
internodes B-Location
, O
functions O
in O
metabolic O
pathways O
, O
and O
mediates O
water O
transport O
and O
normal O
growth B-Process
in O
the O
middle O
internodes B-Location
. O

Xylan B-Compound
in O
the O
middle O
: O
understanding O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
its O
metabolic O
dependencies O
toward O
improving O
wood B-Compound
fi O
ber O
for O
industrial O
processing O
. O

The O
genes O
are O
widespread O
in O
the O
genome O
, O
and O
no O
recent O
duplication O
events O
were O
detected O
. O

Using O
a O
transgenic O
approach O
, O
it O
has O
been O
demonstrated O
that O
the O
knockdown O
of O
PdnCesA3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
D I-CommonName
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Conclusion O
We O
have O
identified O
22 O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
from O
bread O
wheat B-Species
and O
compared O
them O
with O
their O
orthologs O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
barley B-Species
, O
maize B-Species
, O
and O
rice B-Species
. O

Two O
T2 O
lines O
were O
randomly O
selected O
for O
follow O
- O
up O
studies O
. O

The O
cross O
sections O
were O
stained O
with O
0 O
. O
5 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
phloroglucinol O
in O
12 O
% O
HCl O
for O
3 O
min O
and O
immediately O
observed O
with O
a O
bright O
- O
field O
microscope O
( O
BX51 O
; O
Olympus O
) O
. O

Samples O
for O
2D O
NMR O
were O
prepared O
as O
described O
pre O
- O
viously O
( O
Kim O
and O
Ralph O
2010 O
) O
. O

( O
E O
, O
F O
) O
Phloroglucinol O
- O
HCl O
staining O
of O
stem B-Location
sections O
showing O
few O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
in O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
35S O
: O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
( O
F O
) O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
E O
) O
. O

( O
A O
) O
to O
( O
E O
) O
Analysis O
of O
pxy B-CommonName
lbd4 B-CommonName
double O
mutants O
and O
controls O
. O

Tissues O
arrangement O
is O
shown O
with O
bright O
field O
images O
( O
C O
, O
D O
, O
insets O
) O
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Fermentation B-Process
performance O
of O
engin O
- O
eered O
and O
evolved O
xylose B-Compound
- O
fermenting O
Saccharomyces B-Species
cerevisiae I-Species
strains O
. O

2B O
and O
C O
) O
, O
whereas O
under O
control O
conditions O
, O
the O
roots B-Location
cells I-Location
showed O
anisotropic O
growth B-Process
. O

All O
land O
plants O
have O
versions O
of O
the O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
protein O
, O
suggesting O
that O
the O
new O
mechanism O
revealed O
in O
this O
work O
may O
also O
be O
found O
in O
other O
plants O
. O

SLR1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
key O
repressor O
to O
mediate O
the O
downstream O
responses O
through O
protein O
interactions O
. O

SND2 B-CommonName
, O
a O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
gene O
, O
regulates O
genes O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
fibres B-Location
and O
increases O
fibre B-Location
cell I-Location
area O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

( O
D O
) O
EMSA O
results O
confirming O
the O
in O
vitro O
binding O
of O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

BlueHill O
software O
was O
employed O
to O
capture O
and O
calculate O
the O
force O
and O
modulus O
of O
elasticity O
for O
each O
sample O
. O

Primers O
were O
designed O
as O
before O
( O
Singh O
et O
al O
. O

There O
is O
also O
evidence O
for O
the O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
division O
of O
labor O
between O
peroxidases B-CommonName
and O
laccases B-CommonName
: O
during O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
the O
Casparian B-Location
strips I-Location
in O
root B-Location
endodermal I-Location
cells I-Location
, O
a O
certain O
peroxidase B-CommonName
has O
the O
main O
role O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
activation O
( O
Lee O
et O
al O
. O

The O
analysis O
was O
conducted O
with O
MEGA O
5 O
. O
01 O
[ O
16 O
] O
. O

From O
the O
rankings O
it O
is O
possible O
to O
confirm O
the O
expression O
stability O
of O
TFIIA B-CommonName
in O
the O
single O
tissues O
under O
the O
different O
stress O
treatments O
; O
in O
particular O
the O
pairs O
ADF1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
TFIIA I-CommonName
and O
eIF4a B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
TFIIA I-CommonName
are O
confirmed O
as O
the O
most O
suitable O
genes O
for O
normalization O
in O
roots B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
respectively O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

According O
to O
the O
activity O
of O
xylan B-Compound
hydrolytic O
enzyme O
measured O
in O
this O
experiment O
, O
it O
is O
speculated O
that O
the O
function O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
may O
modify O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
xylan B-Compound
through O
its O
glycoside B-Compound
hydrolytic O
activity O
. O

The O
main O
structural O
units O
are O
coloured O
to O
coincide O
with O
their O
structures O
on O
the O
right O
. O

This O
raises O
the O
question O
of O
how O
the O
modest O
radial O
swelling B-Process
seen O
in O
rsw12 B-CommonName
roots B-Location
arises O
. O

Zhou O
, O
Comprehensive O
analysis O
of O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
transcription O
factor O
gene O
family O
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
, O
BMC O
Plant O
Biol O
. O

3a O
) O
, O
since O
callose B-Compound
is O
a O
polysaccharide O
that O
is O
transiently O
synthesized O
during O
cell B-Process
division I-Process
( O
Stone O
and O
Clarke O
1992 O
) O
. O

Plates O
were O
then O
rewrapped O
in O
aluminum O
foil O
and O
grown O
in O
the O
dark O
in O
a O
chamber O
for O
an O
additional O
12 O
h O
( O
earliest O
stages O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
) O
before O
imaging O
began O
. O

155 O
, O
2015 O
369 O
glutamate B-Compound
( O
Lea O
and O
Azevedo O
2006 O
, O
Forde O
and O
Lea O
2007 O
) O
, O
most O
of O
them O
accomplished O
in O
annual O
plants O
. O

This O
protein O
is O
annotated O
as O
a O
basic O
peroxidase B-CommonName
( O
theoretical O
pI O
8 O
. O
85 O
) O
and O
has O
been O
described O
as O
one O
of O
the O
closest O
homolog O
to O
ZePrx B-Species
( O
Herrero O
et O
al O
. O

Cumulatively O
, O
the O
data O
show O
that O
: O
( O
a O
) O
the O
xylem B-Location
of O
arabidopsis B-Species
provides O
the O
best O
model O
for O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
; O
and O
( O
b O
) O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
within O
a O
" O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
toolbox O
" O
are O
used O
in O
diverse O
ways O
for O
the O
construction O
of O
particular O
specialized O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

GUS O
activity O
in O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
plants O
harboring O
P O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
, O
P O
MusaVND2 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
or O
P O
MusaVND3 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
. O

Expression O
pro O
fi O
ling O
in O
the O
whole O
plant O
indicates O
that O
both O
PttVND7 B-CommonName
paralogous O
are O
indeed O
expressed O
in O
tissues O
with O
primary O
vasculature O
( O
Fig O
. O

Introduction O
of O
the O
bait O
and O
prey O
can O
be O
achieved O
by O
( O
1 O
) O
a O
" O
diploid O
- O
mating O
" O
system O
that O
in O
- O
volves O
mating O
two O
haploid O
strains O
, O
one O
strain O
with O
the O
TF O
prey O
( O
Fig O
. O

Affymetrix O
expression O
data O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
bar O
. O

In O
- O
frame O
fusions O
with O
CV210 O
in O
this O
parent O
vector O
background O
were O
constructed O
for O
PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
, O
PtrKNAT7 B-CommonName
and O
PtrDIV4 B-CommonName
, O
using O
the O
primers O
listed O
in O
Table O
S3 O
. O

1889 O
Brittle B-CommonName
node I-CommonName
mutant O
of O
rice B-Species
Plant O
Cell O
Physiol O
. O

After O
establishment O
of O
shooting O
and O
rooting O
in O
tissue O
cultures O
and O
positive O
selection O
on O
hygromycin O
- O
enriched O
media O
, O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
examined O
in O
terms O
of O
speci O
fi O
c O
genes O
silencing O
. O

High O
expression O
detected O
with O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
shows O
that O
PpCESA10 B-CommonName
is O
associated O
with O
protonemal O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

( O
C O
) O
Gene O
struc O
- O
tures O
of O
D O
alleles O
in O
13 O
sorghum B-Species
cultivars O
. O

Sequence O
comparisons O
of O
the O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
TaCesA B-CommonName
genes O
were O
performed O
at O
both O
the O
DNA O
and O
protein O
levels O
. O

The O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
SCW B-Compound
) O
is O
the O
major O
component O
of O
wood B-Compound
. O

The O
error O
term O
is O
Mean O
Square O
( O
Error O
) O
= O
. O
196 O
. O

on O
July O
8 O
, O
2020 O
method O
, O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
37 O
) O
( O
for O
details O
, O
see O
SI O
Materials O
and O
Methods O
) O
. O

ROPGAP3 B-CommonName
preferentially O
interacts O
with O
GTP O
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
in O
vivo O
( O
A O
) O
BiFC O
assay O
between O
cYFP O
- O
ROPGAP3 B-CommonName
and O
nYFP O
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
derivatives O
. O

AtERF38 B-CommonName
is O
expressed O
in O
cells O
that O
undergo O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
The O
association O
between O
AtERF38 B-CommonName
expression O
and O
secondary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
was O
experimentally O
con O
fi O
rmed O
: O
the O
histological O
analysis O
of O
its O
promoter O
activity O
revealed O
localized O
expression O
in O
very O
speci O
fi O
c O
cell O
types O
that O
undergo O
a O
thickening B-Process
of O
their O
wall B-Compound
. O

A O
potato B-Species
virus O
X O
( O
PVX O
) O
- O
based O
VIGS O
has O
been O
used O
to O
silence O
a O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
gene O
in O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Localization O
of O
CSE B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
fusion O
protein O
was O
assessed O
in O
roots O
of O
4 O
independent O
transformed O
1 O
week O
- O
old O
T1 O
seedlings O
germinated O
under O
long O
- O
day O
conditions O
( O
16 O
h O
light O
/ O
8 O
h O
dark O
) O
. O

In O
the O
presence O
of O
IQD13 B-CommonName
, O
cortical O
microtubules O
act O
like O
physical O
fences O
that O
laterally O
con O
fi O
ne O
the O
localization O
of O
active O
ROP11 B-CommonName
. O

The O
arrow O
shows O
the O
shifted O
band O
representing O
the O
protein O
- O
DNA O
complex O
. O

Estimating O
CA O
- O
FA O
levels O
in O
Poplar B-Species
from O
extrapolation O
onto O
the O
ectopically O
CA O
- O
FA O
- O
lignified O
corn O
lignin B-Compound
model O
system O
. O

Examination O
of O
cell O
- O
type O
expression O
patterns O
of O
TBL34 B-CommonName
and O
TBL35 B-CommonName
using O
the O
GUS O
reporter O
gene O
revealed O
that O
while O
no O
GUS O
activity O
was O
detected O
in O
any O
tissues O
of O
TBL35 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
transgenic O
plants O
probably O
due O
to O
its O
low O
expression O
level O
, O
TBL34 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
plants O
displayed O
strong O
GUS O
expression O
in O
a O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
manner O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
, O
the O
percentage O
of O
miRNA O
to O
uniqsRNA O
in O
xylem B-Location
is O
2 O
. O
65 O
% O
, O
higher O
than O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Multiple O
linear O
regressions O
Lignin B-Compound
content O
Lignin B-Compound
composition O
Lignin B-Compound
linkages O
Carbohydrate O
contents O
Wood B-Compound
mechanical O
strength O
Wood B-Compound
density O
Plant O
growth B-Process
Saccharification B-Process
efficiency O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
genome O
sequence O
Monolignol B-Compound
genes O
ranscript O
abundance O
P O
rotein O
abundance O
= O
. O

The O
CAD B-CommonName
genes O
form O
a O
small O
gene O
family O
that O
have O
been O
well O
characterized O
by O
genetic O
approaches O
and O
mutant O
analysis O
in O
several O
angiosperms O
species O
including O
Euca B-Species
- I-Species
lyptus I-Species
, O
poplar B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Grima O
- O
Pettenati O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
Dependence O
of O
stem B-Location
cell I-Location
fate O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
on O
a O
feedback O
loop O
regulated O
by O
CLV3 B-CommonName
activity O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
A O
role O
for O
OVATE B-CommonName
FAMILY I-CommonName
PROTEIN1 I-CommonName
( O
OFP1 B-CommonName
) O
and O
OFP4 B-CommonName
in O
a O
BLH6 B-CommonName
- O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
multi O
- O
protein O
complex O
regulating O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

These O
data O
make O
the O
case O
that O
Figure O
6 O
. O

Trends O
in O
wood B-Compound
density O
and O
structure O
are O
linked O
to O
prevention O
of O
xylem B-Location
implosion O
by O
negative O
pressure O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
smaller O
and O
wrinkled O
leaves O
were O
observed O
in O
35S O
: O
: O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
plants O
( O
Figure O
2c O
) O
. O

Microtubule O
movement O
was O
visualized O
by O
spinning O
disc O
microscopy O
. O

For O
example O
, O
CbuCOMTs B-CommonName
in O
group O
II O
had O
one O
intron O
or O
none O
, O
whereas O
CbuCOMTs B-CommonName
in O
group O
III O
had O
two O
or O
more O
introns O
, O
indicating O
that O
the O
evolution O
of O
the O
COMT B-CommonName
gene O
family O
may O
be O
closely O
related O
to O
the O
diversification O
of O
gene O
structures O
. O

We O
con O
fi O
rmed O
the O
yeast O
- O
based O
interactions O
by O
BiFC O
assays O
in O
tobacco B-Species
epidermal B-Location
leaf I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

TM O
- O
1 O
, O
in O
order O
to O
understand O
the O
molecular O
mechanism O
behind O
superior O
quality O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
. O

The O
continuous O
growth B-Process
of O
plant O
organs O
hinges O
on O
cell O
divisions B-Process
and O
cell O
expansion B-Process
, O
both O
of O
which O
are O
contingent O
on O
the O
composition O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
53 O
, O
54 O
) O
. O

This O
later O
fi O
nding O
is O
consis O
- O
tent O
with O
the O
reduced O
syringyl B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
observed O
in O
our O
bio O
- O
chemical O
and O
histochemical O
assessment O
of O
the O
knat3 B-CommonName
knat7 B-CommonName
stems B-Location
. O

Inferring O
gene O
regulatory O
networks O
by O
ANOVA O
. O

b O
a O
kD O
55 O
40 O
35 O
70 O
BS1 B-CommonName
Vector O
Anti O
- O
His O
5 O
WT O
bs1 B-CommonName
70 O
55 O
40 O
35 O
25 O
15 O
100 O
130 O
kD O
WT O
bs1 B-CommonName
Anti O
- O
BS1 B-CommonName
Supplementary O
Figure O
5 O
| O
Examination O
of O
the O
specificity O
of O
anti O
- O
BS1 B-CommonName
antibody O
. O

which O
is O
in O
keeping O
with O
their O
tight O
associ O
- O
ation O
with O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

performed O
the O
experimental O
work O
for O
the O
manuscript O
except O
for O
the O
experiments O
involving O
35S O
: O
: O
PIN5 B-CommonName
( O
X O
. O
J O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
SNAP O
: O
predict O
effect O
of O
non O
- O
synonymous O
polymorphisms O
on O
function O
. O

The O
ex O
- O
istence O
of O
membranous O
structures O
in O
latewood B-Compound
tracheids B-Location
of O
the O
contemporary O
annual O
ring O
also O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
winters O
of O
2013 O
and O
2014 O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

MMs O
in O
the O
system O
then O
allowed O
the O
elimina O
- O
tion O
of O
the O
unsporulated O
diploid O
cells O
and O
selection O
for O
specific O
mating O
- O
type O
haploid O
cells O
containing O
both O
TF O
prey O
and O
DNA O
bait O
( O
Fig O
. O

Available O
at O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
nrel O
. O
gov O
/ O
docs O
/ O
gen O
/ O
fy08 O
/ O
42620 O
. O
pdf O
. O

The O
amount O
of O
co O
- O
immunoprecipitated O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
protein O
from O
FLAG O
- O
PaC3H17OE B-CommonName
seedlings O
gradually O
increased O
upon O
exposure O
to O
increasing O
concentrations O
of O
IAA B-Compound
, O
but O
gradually O
decreased O
when O
treated O
by O
the O
polar O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
inhibitor O
TIBA O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
GX B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
GX B-Compound
structure O
can O
be O
modi O
fi O
ed O
through O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppression O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

DNase O
I O
hypersensitivity O
mapping O
, O
genomic O
footprinting O
, O
and O
transcription O
factor O
networks O
in O
plants O
. O

Collectively O
, O
our O
study O
provides O
mechanistic O
insights O
into O
the O
control O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
presents O
an O
opportunity O
for O
improving O
relevant O
agronomic O
traits O
in O
crops O
. O

The O
concentration O
of O
Ca B-Compound
ff I-Compound
eic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
, O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumric I-Compound
acid I-Compound
, O
Ferulic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
and O
Cinnamic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
is O
expressed O
in O
mg O
/ O
g O
. O

thaliana I-Species
Ortholog O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
Symbol O
name O
Annotation O
Populus B-Species
alba I-Species
x O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
D O
) O
Position O
probability O
matrix O
motif O
derived O
from O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
DAP O
- O
seq O
showing O
the O
probability O
of O
a O
nucleotide O
at O
each O
position O
. O

In O
pad B-CommonName
4 O
/ O
11 O
, O
we O
also O
observed O
a O
signi O
fi O
- O
cant O
decrease O
( O
ca O
. O

Thus O
, O
similar O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
the O
stomata B-Location
density O
was O
not O
the O
key O
factor O
in O
fl O
uencing O
water O
usage O
. O

Here O
we O
applied O
paired O
- O
end O
Illumina O
GAII O
sequencing O
to O
non O
- O
normalized O
cDNAs O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Twelve O
to O
16 O
individuals O
from O
three O
independent O
events O
were O
analyzed O
for O
each O
trait O
. O

Transcriptome O
profiling O
of O
radiata B-Species
pine I-Species
branches O
reveals O
new O
insights O
into O
reaction O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
with O
implications O
in O
plant O
gravitropism O
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
perception O
at O
the O
ER O
membrane O
is O
linked O
to O
gene O
regulation O
by O
the O
joint O
activity O
of O
the O
EIN2 B-CommonName
, O
EBF B-CommonName
and O
EIN3 B-CommonName
family O
members O
. O

The O
supernatant O
was O
incubated O
with O
pretreated O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
anti O
- O
body O
- O
coupled O
agarose O
beads O
( O
Sigma O
) O
for O
2 O
h O
at O
4 O
C O
. O

We O
detected O
both O
GFP O
and O
mCherry O
exclusively O
in O
the O
nucleus O
in O
~ O
95 O
% O
of O
the O
protoplasts O
transfected O
with O
each O
of O
the O
six O
full O
- O
size O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
, O
demonstrating O
that O
all O
of O
these O
VNDs B-CommonName
are O
exclusively O
colocated O
with O
H2A O
in O
the O
nucleus O
( O
Fig O
. O

Plant O
Science O
265 O
( O
2017 O
) O
70 O
- O
86 O
85 O
transcriptional O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
vessels B-Location
, O
PLoS O
One O
9 O
( O
2014 O
) O
e105726 O
. O

Plant O
Biology O
ISSN O
1435 O
- O
8603 O
Plant O
Biology O
15 O
( O
2013 O
) O
405 O
- O
414 O
a O
2012 O
German O
Botanical O
Society O
and O
The O
Royal O
Botanical O
Society O
of O
the O
Netherlands O
405 O
lised O
from O
the O
PM O
( O
Crowell O
et O
al O
. O

An O
AtWRKY12 B-CommonName
homologous O
gene O
, O
named O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
, O
was O
isolated O
from O
Miscanthus B-Species
lutarioriparius I-Species
. O

One O
feature O
of O
plant O
cells O
is O
the O
presence O
of O
cortical O
micro O
- O
tubules O
adjacent O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
Shaw O
et O
al O
. O

We O
therefore O
named O
the O
cmu B-CommonName
mutant O
cesa B-CommonName
- O
microtubule O
uncoupling O
, O
and O
the O
corresponding O
proteins O
CMU1 B-CommonName
to O
3 O
( O
Figure O
S1B O
) O
. O

And O
the O
yellow O
dashed O
line O
in O
the O
right O
panel O
indicates O
a O
linear O
kymograph O
trace O
. O

BMC O
Plant O
Biology O
( O
2019 O
) O
19 O
: O
486 O
Page O
4 O
of O
12 O
we O
performed O
chemical O
composition O
analysis O
. O

None O
of O
the O
mutants O
showed O
visible O
pheno O
- O
typic O
abnormalities O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

The O
transgenic O
plants O
( O
Line O
2 O
and O
Line O
6 O
) O
displayed O
shorter O
stems B-Location
and O
internodes B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
situ O
hybridization O
and O
immunological O
detection O
of O
the O
hybridization O
signals O
were O
performed O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
14 O
) O
. O

S6B O
, O
ANAC074pro O
: O
: O
ANAC074 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
) O
restored O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
in O
the O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
of O
anac074 B-CommonName
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

This O
analysis O
was O
performed O
from O
the O
microarray O
data O
reported O
in O
Supplemental O
Dataset O
S1 O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Interaction O
between O
MYB6 B-CommonName
andKNAT7in O
yeast O
two O
- O
hybrid O
assays O
. O

The O
small O
number O
of O
signi O
fi O
cant O
QTLs O
might O
also O
be O
due O
to O
the O
complex O
nature O
of O
the O
approximately O
20 O
Gbp O
spruce B-Species
gen O
- O
ome O
. O

Digestions O
were O
terminated O
with O
0 O
. O
3 O
M O
acetic O
acid O
and O
subjected O
to O
RP O
- O
HPLC O
analysis O
as O
outlined O
above O
. O

The O
upstream O
variant O
MA_33109_11804 O
associated O
with O
both O
the O
slope O
and O
b O
2 O
latent O
traits O
of O
WD O
was O
detected O
on O
the O
gene O
model O
MA_33109g0100 O
that O
is O
homologous O
to O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
senescence B-Process
- O
associated O
gene O
24 O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
and O
the O
gene O
being O
expressed O
in O
shoots B-Location
and O
buds B-Location
of O
spruce B-Species
( O
Figure O
4 O
) O
. O

Discussion O
The O
aim O
of O
this O
work O
was O
to O
identify O
new O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Physiology O
45 O
( O
5 O
) O
: O
550 O
- O
559 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
pcp O
/ O
pch063 O
. O

The O
butanol O
- O
HCl O
method O
for O
proanthocyanidin B-Compound
quantiWcation O
The O
soluble O
PA B-Compound
content O
was O
determined O
using O
a O
method O
described O
by O
Mole O
and O
Waterman O
( O
1987a O
) O
and O
Xie O
et O
al O
. O

Sixty O
minutes O
of O
DPI O
treat O
- O
ment O
before O
cerium O
chloride O
application O
led O
to O
an O
almost O
complete O
absence O
of O
local O
H O
2 O
0 O
2 O
, O
indicating O
that O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidases I-CommonName
are O
responsible O
for O
this O
highly O
localized O
production O
of O
H O
2 O
0 O
2 O
( O
Figure O
2B O
; O
Table O
S3 O
) O
. O

Scale O
bar O
= O
200 O
mu O
m O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Then O
selected O
2 O
- O
3 O
samples O
for O
test O
weighing O
every O
2 O
h O
. O

Wall O
thickness O
was O
measured O
from O
transmission O
electron O
micrographs O
of O
fibers B-Location
and O
vessels B-Location
. O

testing O
was O
conducted O
for O
the O
500 O
most O
highly O
expressed O
genes O
of O
both O
cell O
types O
. O

d O
Wild O
type O
and O
rsw12 B-CommonName
plants O
, O
either O
grown O
at O
8 O
days O
at O
20 O
C O
or O
grown O
for O
5 O
days O
at O
20 O
C O
and O
then O
transferred O
to O
31 O
C O
for O
3 O
days O
. O

Our O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
PAD4 B-CommonName
, O
LSD1 B-CommonName
and O
EDS1 B-CommonName
constitute O
a O
molecular O
hub O
, O
which O
integrates O
plant O
responses O
to O
water O
stress O
, O
vegetative O
biomass O
production O
and O
generative O
development B-Process
. O

Cross O
sections O
of O
young O
poplar B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Weighted O
gene O
coexpression O
network O
analysis O
( O
WGCNA O
) O
We O
extended O
our O
microarray O
analysis O
by O
searching O
for O
modules O
of O
co O
- O
expressed O
genes O
using O
the O
WGCNA O
algo O
- O
rithm O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Common O
and O
special O
DEGs O
at O
15 O
DPA O
, O
20 O
DPA O
and O
25 O
DPA O
. O

( O
M O
) O
Leaf B-Location
relative O
water O
content O
( O
RWC O
) O
of O
WT O
and O
PdGAUT4 B-CommonName
- O
KD O
lines O
. O

The O
splice O
variant O
of O
PtrWND1B B-CommonName
/ O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A2 I-CommonName
IR O
contains O
a O
retained O
intron O
and O
encodes O
a O
protein O
lacking O
DNA O
binding O
and O
transactivation O
activity O
but O
retaining O
dimerization B-Process
ability O
. O

Pollen B-Location
viability O
assay O
Pollen B-Location
viability O
was O
examined O
by O
double O
staining O
with O
FDA O
and O
PI O
as O
reported O
previously O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

PpCESA10 B-CommonName
is O
more O
highly O
expressed O
in O
pro B-Location
- I-Location
tonemal I-Location
tissue I-Location
and O
PpCESA3 B-CommonName
, O
PpCESA5 B-CommonName
and O
PpCESA7 B-CommonName
are O
more O
highly O
expressed O
in O
gametophores B-Location
. O

The O
PCR O
conditions O
were O
95 O
* O
C O
for O
3 O
min O
and O
after O
the O
reaction O
mixture O
cycled O
40 O
times O
using O
the O
following O
parameters O
: O
95 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
, O
58 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
and O
72 O
* O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
. O

Journal O
of O
Computational O
and O
Graphical O
Statistics O
5 O
( O
3 O
) O
: O
229 O
- O
314 O
. O

The O
protocol O
was O
scaled O
up O
to O
1 O
g O
starting O
material O
and O
the O
extraction O
was O
performed O
in O
50 O
ml O
disposable O
Nunc O
tubes O
suitable O
for O
ultracentrifugation O
. O

Xylem B-Location
indicates O
the O
number O
of O
DEGs O
expressed O
preferentially O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
( O
log O
2 O
Leaf B-Location
NW O
< O
- O
1 O
) O
. O

Flg22 B-CommonName
was O
used O
as O
a O
positive O
control O
, O
while O
water O
was O
used O
as O
a O
negative O
control O
. O

truncatula I-Species
Most O
genes O
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
have O
been O
identified O
from O
Medicago B-Species
, O
and O
several O
have O
been O
used O
to O
improve O
digestibility O
and O
sugar O
yield O
in O
alfalfa B-Species
[ O
11 O
- O
13 O
] O
. O

For O
RNA O
in O
situ O
hybridization O
, O
RNA O
probes O
( O
289 O
- O
594 O
nt O
) O
for O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
were O
generated O
by O
in O
vitro O
transcrip O
- O
tion O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

5 O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
had O
less O
lignin B-Compound
. O

There O
are O
also O
some O
problems O
for O
this O
research O
. O

As O
expected O
, O
transition O
SNPs O
occur O
almost O
twice O
as O
frequently O
as O
transversion O
SNPs O
. O

linear O
gradient O
to O
42 O
% O
B O
, O
held O
for O
2 O
min O
. O
, O
then O
a O
1 O
min O
. O

For O
cultivation O
and O
maintenance O
, O
the O
strains O
were O
grown O
on O
YPD O
medium O
containing O
1 O
% O
yeast O
extract O
, O
2 O
% O
Bacto O
peptone O
, O
and O
2 O
% O
glucose O
at O
30 O
deg O
C O
. O

WRKY15 B-CommonName
is O
a O
member O
of O
the O
WRKY B-CommonName
IId O
subfamily O
, O
which O
includes O
seven O
members O
in O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
genome O
. O

Cell O
125 O
: O
749 O
- O
760 O
GENETICS O
AND O
GENOMICS O
Transcriptional O
pro O
fi O
ling O
in O
response O
to O
inhibition O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
by O
thaxtomin B-Compound
A I-Compound
and O
isoxaben B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
suspension O
cells O
Isabelle O
Duval O
AE O
Nathalie O
Beaudoin O
Received O
: O
13 O
October O
2008 O
/ O
Revised O
: O
16 O
December O
2008 O
/ O
Accepted O
: O
7 O
January O
2009 O
/ O
Published O
online O
: O
7 O
February O
2009 O
Springer O
- O
Verlag O
2009 O
Abstract O
The O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
determines O
cell O
shape O
and O
is O
the O
main O
barrier O
against O
environmental O
challenges O
. O

Therefore O
, O
population O
genetic O
structure O
, O
kinship O
and O
LD O
within O
the O
study O
population O
need O
to O
be O
carefully O
accounted O
for O
in O
the O
analysis O
to O
minimize O
false O
positives O
( O
Khan O
and O
Korban O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
genome O
- O
wide O
analysis O
of O
the O
PAL B-CommonName
family O
in O
Rosaceae O
plants O
is O
rarely O
reported O
. O

DOI O
: O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
doi O
. O
org O
/ O
10 O
. O
7554 O
/ O
eLife O
. O
47988 O
11 O
of O
25 O
Research O
article O
Cell O
Biology O
Plant O
Biology O
Kirchhelle O
et O
al O
. O

Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
49 O
, O
515 O
- O
532 O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

To O
this O
end O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
transcription O
profiles O
of O
the O
first O
in B-Location
- I-Location
ternodes I-Location
of O
35S O
: O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
and O
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
plants O
with O
those O
of O
WT O
plants O
. O

The O
calculated O
neutral O
loss O
represents O
a O
molecule O
with O
C O
7 O
H O
8 O
O O
4 O
as O
chemical O
formula O
( O
with O
a O
theoretical O
mass O
of O
156 O
. O
042 O
Da O
) O
, O
corresponding O
to O
dehydrated O
shikimic O
acid O
. O

Like O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
, O
cells O
in O
the O
petiole B-Location
had O
normal O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
1294 O
Yu O
et O
al O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
( O
SRP073689 O
) O
, O
as O
previously O
reported O
( O
Zhou O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

MEGA5 O
: O
molecular O
evolu O
- O
tionary O
genetics O
analys O
is O
using O
maximum O
likelihood O
, O
evolutionary O
distance O
, O
and O
maximum O
parsimony O
methods O
. O

Vessel B-Location
and O
fiber B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
RNAi O
4 O
( O
c O
) O
and O
RNAi O
5 O
( O
d O
) O
xylem B-Location
were O
much O
thinner O
than O
WT O
( O
e O
) O
walls O
. O

2006 O
) O
, O
and O
hybrid B-Species
poplar I-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
tremula I-Species
x I-Species
Populus I-Species
alba I-Species
) O
( O
Lepl O
e O
et O
al O
. O

Mutant O
FOX O
lines O
contain O
1 O
. O
35 O
inserted O
FLcDNAs O
on O
average O
. O

The O
analysis O
was O
also O
performed O
with O
upper O
leaves B-Location
, O
lower O
leaves B-Location
, O
stomata O
, O
saw O
tooth O
leaf B-Location
edges O
and O
roots B-Location
. O

The O
proportion O
of O
carbon O
allocated O
to O
trunk O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
( O
% O
GPP O
stem B-Location
) O
was O
obtained O
for O
each O
tree O
by O
dividing O
the O
trunk O
biomass O
increment O
( O
kgDM O
d O
1 O
per O
tree O
) O
by O
the O
simulated O
tree O
gross O
primary O
productivity O
( O
gC O
d O
1 O
per O
tree O
) O
. O

Unlike O
PTs O
from O
complemented O
and O
over O
- O
expressor O
lines O
, O
some O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
PTs O
expressing O
ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
were O
not O
able O
to O
recover O
80 O
% O
of O
the O
initial O
fluorescence O
at O
the O
apical O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

MEGA5 O
: O
molecular O
evolutionary O
genetics O
analysis O
using O
maximum O
likelihood O
, O
evolutionary O
distance O
, O
and O
maximum O
parsimony O
methods O
. O

Subsequently O
, O
the O
genome O
was O
divided O
into O
1085 O
genomic O
bins O
, O
each O
with O
a O
size O
of O
one O
cM O
. O

For O
example O
, O
Chano O
et O
al O
. O

The O
fractions O
were O
analyzed O
by O
TLC O
( O
hexanes O
: O
EtOAc O
3 O
: O
1 O
) O
and O
those O
containing O
the O
conjugate O
products O
were O
combined O
. O

Numbers O
are O
mean O
values O
+ O
- O
SE O
. O

In O
noninduced O
DMSO O
controls O
, O
the O
tdTomato O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
migrated O
along O
linear O
trajectories O
that O
were O
evenly O
dispersed O
across O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
and O
were O
clearly O
visible O
in O
cytosolic O
compartments O
such O
as O
Golgi O
and O
SmaCCs O
( O
Fig O
. O

S6 O
C O
and O
D O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
may O
negatively O
regulate O
the O
expression O
of O
such O
genes O
. O

A O
set O
of O
sugar O
recovery O
standards O
( O
SRSs O
) O
was O
prepared O
to O
quantify O
the O
amount O
of O
monosaccharides O
degraded O
in O
the O
second O
hydrolysis B-Process
step O
and O
to O
use O
them O
as O
correction O
factors O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
The O
biology O
of O
arabinogalactan B-Compound
proteins O
. O

The O
black O
arrow O
indicates O
the O
IIP4 B-CommonName
protein O
. O

All O
clones O
were O
verified O
by O
DNA O
sequencing O
. O

First O
, O
we O
analysed O
the O
germination B-Process
rate O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seeds B-Location
. O

The O
pCL1 O
and O
pGBKT7 O
plasmids O
were O
employed O
as O
, O
respectively O
, O
a O
positive O
and O
a O
negative O
control O
. O

To O
investigate O
cambium B-Location
proliferation B-Process
, O
we O
crossed O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
plants O
with O
the O
WOX4pro O
: O
: O
YFP B-CommonName
reporter O
line O
that O
expresses O
speci O
fi O
cally O
in O
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Three O
distinct O
rice B-Species
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
catalytic O
subunit O
genes O
required O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

A O
mean O
fold O
change O
and O
standard O
error O
were O
computed O
from O
the O
fourfold O
change O
values O
. O

( O
F O
) O
Ectopic O
VND7 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
cortical B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
background O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
Crystal O
structure O
of O
the O
plant O
receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
TDR B-CommonName
in O
complex O
with O
the O
TDIF B-CommonName
peptide O
. O

This O
finding O
indicates O
that O
secretion B-Process
of O
CW O
material O
still O
occurred O
at O
the O
site O
of O
PM O
invagination O
. O

SEP B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
class I-CommonName
genes O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

VND6 B-CommonName
and O
VND7 B-CommonName
are O
specially O
expressed O
in O
metaxylem B-Location
and O
protoxy B-Location
- I-Location
lam I-Location
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
significance O
of O
the O
difference O
was O
analyzed O
by O
Tukey O
' O
s O
multiple O
comparison O
test O
. O

Open O
xylem B-Location
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
( O
aster O
- O
isks O
) O
are O
collapsed O
( O
arrows O
) O
in O
irx9 B-CommonName
and O
restored O
in O
the O
complemented O
line O
. O

The O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
genes O
, O
across O
groups O
, O
were O
45 O
- O
52 O
% O
similar O
. O

Pollination O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
is O
predominantly O
entomophilous O
. O

These O
have O
reduced O
levels O
of O
active O
GA B-Compound
( O
s O
) O
compared O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
wt O
) O
plants O
, O
resulting O
in O
a O
dwarfed O
phenotype O
due O
to O
a O
reduction O
in O
internode B-Location
length O
. O

Following O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thicken B-Process
- I-Process
ing I-Process
process O
, O
the O
differentiating O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
was O
divided O
into O
three O
wall B-Compound
- O
thickening B-Process
stages O
and O
collected O
using O
laser O
microdissection O
( O
Fig O
. O

Long O
cold O
exposure O
induces O
transcriptional O
and O
biochemical O
remodelling O
of O
xylem B-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

They O
were O
mainly O
localized O
to O
the O
epidermis B-Location
, O
sclerenchyma B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
, O
and O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
both O
small O
and O
large O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
. O

Bleaching O
of O
YFP O
was O
achieved O
with O
a O
514 O
nm O
laser O
at O
100 O
% O
power O
at O
10 O
iterations O
. O

We O
studied O
the O
phenotype O
of O
the O
cef1 B-CommonName
plants O
, O
CEF1 B-CommonName
gene O
mapping O
and O
its O
expression O
pattern O
. O

Gas O
Chromatography O
/ O
Mass O
Spectrometry O
Analysis O
The O
GC O
/ O
MS O
analysis O
was O
performed O
using O
an O
Agilent O
7890 O
A O
gas O
chromatograph O
( O
Agilent O
Technologies O
, O
USA O
) O
connected O
to O
a O
Pegasus O
4D O
GCxGC O
- O
TOFMS O
Mass O
Spectrometer O
( O
Leco O
, O
USA O
) O
. O

DNase B-CommonName
activity O
analysis O
of O
EuCaN B-CommonName
fusion O
proteins O
expressed O
in O
E O
. O

The O
obtained O
results O
indicated O
that O
the O
activation O
of O
the O
enzymatic O
system O
responsible O
for O
generation O
of O
/ O
in O
lignifying O
xylem B-Location
of O
plant O
is O
exerted O
through O
a O
complicated O
network O
in O
which O
CaM O
, O
phospholipid O
signalling O
, O
and O
protein O
phosphoryllation O
are O
involved O
. O

To O
the O
best O
of O
our O
knowledge O
, O
there O
have O
been O
no O
studies O
that O
connect O
seasonal O
variation O
in O
MF O
orientation B-Process
to O
the O
patterns O
of O
tracheid B-Location
production O
and O
differentiation B-Process
. O

A O
signi O
fi O
cant O
increase O
of O
more O
than O
40 O
% O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
lines O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
108 O
: O
21253 O
- O
21258 O
Curtis O
MD O
, O
Grossniklaus O
U O
( O
2003 O
) O
A O
gateway O
cloning O
vector O
set O
for O
high O
- O
throughput O
functional O
analysis O
of O
genes O
in O
planta O
. O

This O
correlates O
well O
with O
the O
microarray O
data O
in O
which O
the O
LM21 O
epitope O
in O
mature B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
is O
detected O
at O
40 O
% O
of O
maximum O
signal O
in O
PimaS7 O
while O
it O
was O
below O
the O
detection O
limit O
in O
other O
lines O
. O

B O
, O
Gene O
cluster O
containing O
several O
cluster O
1 O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

Kim O
JS O
, O
Sandquist O
D O
, O
Sundberg O
B O
, O
Daniel O
G O
( O
2012 O
) O
Spatial O
and O
temporal O
variability O
of O
xylan B-Compound
distribution O
in O
di B-Location
ff I-Location
erentiating I-Location
secondary I-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
. O

1A O
) O
or O
simply O
stained O
with O
ethidium O
bromide O
( O
Fig O
. O

Therefore O
, O
we O
used O
nondifferentiating O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cells O
in O
vitro O
( O
Fig O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
revealed O
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
4 O
June O
2018 O
| O
Volume O
9 O
| O
Article O
744 O
Quan O
et O
al O
. O

Further O
investigation O
may O
uncover O
the O
gene O
module O
like O
the O
TMO O
- O
LHW B-CommonName
IFFL O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
to O
be O
also O
important O
for O
regulation O
of O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
( O
Fischer O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2019 O
; O
Figure O
5c O
) O
. O

The O
MYB46 B-CommonName
and O
MYB83 B-CommonName
are O
expressed O
in O
both O
vessels B-Location
and O
fibers B-Location
( O
McCarthy O
et O
al O
. O

RESULTS O
Root B-Location
growth B-Process
and O
morphology O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
cells I-Location
are O
ideal O
for O
studying O
morphogenesis B-Process
because O
their O
growth B-Process
is O
both O
consistent O
and O
anisotropic O
. O

In O
this O
study O
we O
used O
four O
independent O
transgenic O
lines O
with O
this O
gene O
construct O
to O
characterize O
the O
relationship O
between O
the O
level O
of O
transgene O
and O
thickened O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Global O
transcriptional O
profiling O
has O
been O
successfully O
used O
to O
identify O
genes O
and O
regulatory O
pathways O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
but O
such O
transcriptome O
data O
is O
lacking O
in O
legumes B-Species
. O

In O
the O
current O
study O
, O
a O
coordinated O
expression O
of O
genes O
encoding O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
was O
observed O
; O
indicating O
that O
temporal O
changes O
in O
gene O
expression O
regulate O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
SCW I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
response O
to O
specific O
genetically O
defined O
programs O
of O
cell O
development B-Process
. O

The O
result O
was O
based O
on O
the O
data O
of O
nine O
ovules O
from O
three O
bolls B-Location
. O

Biotechnol O
Adv O
30 O
: O
1219 O
- O
1227 O
Kim O
JS O
, O
Daniel O
G O
( O
2012 O
) O
Immunolocalization O
of O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
stem B-Location
. O

Hamann O
T O
( O
2012 O
) O
Plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
maintenance O
as O
an O
essential O
component O
of O
biotic O
stress O
response O
mechanisms O
. O

A O
general O
statistical O
framework O
for O
mapping O
quantitative O
trait O
loci O
in O
nonmodel O
systems O
: O
issue O
for O
characterizing O
linkage O
phases O
. O

Individual O
values O
and O
the O
mean O
from O
four O
( O
a O
) O
and O
two O
( O
b O
) O
biological O
replicates O
are O
shown O
. O

Approximately O
10 O
cells O
per O
plant O
were O
analyzed O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
this O
indicates O
a O
possible O
role O
of O
hemicellulose B-Compound
in O
maintaining O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
in O
RNAi O
plants O
. O

AtMYB58 B-CommonName
and O
AtMYB63 B-CommonName
, O
as O
speci O
fi O
c O
activa O
- O
tors O
, O
are O
involved O
in O
the O
transcriptional O
network O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Zhou O
et O
al O
. O

were O
supported O
by O
the O
Max O
- O
Planck O
- O
Gesellschaft O
and O
S O
. O
P O
. O

Cellulosic O
fibers B-Location
: O
role O
of O
matrix O
polysaccharides O
in O
structure O
and O
function O
. O

However O
, O
as O
observed O
for O
alfalfa B-Species
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

Environmental O
stressors O
generally O
suppress O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
growth B-Process
. O

( O
C O
) O
Expression O
of O
NST1 B-CommonName
is O
enhanced O
in O
evr B-CommonName
- O
2 O
( O
black O
) O
in O
comparison O
to O
WT O
Ler O
( O
white O
) O
. O

After O
incubation O
at O
RT O
for O
1 O
hr O
, O
the O
reaction O
was O
stopped O
by O
adding O
acetic O
acid O
and O
EGTA O
( O
final O
concentration O
0 O
. O
3 O
M O
and O
20 O
mM O
, O
respectively O
) O
. O

From O
the O
investigated O
19 O
Arabidopsis B-Species
genes O
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S4 O
) O
, O
we O
found O
clear O
homologs O
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
for O
all O
genes O
except O
XYLEM B-CommonName
SERINE I-CommonName
PEPTIDASE1 I-CommonName
( O
XSP1 B-CommonName
; O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Destaining O
of O
the O
samples O
were O
performed O
by O
incubation O
in O
0 O
. O
24 O
M O
HCl O
and O
20 O
% O
MeOH O
solution O
at O
55 O
deg O
C O
for O
15 O
min O
, O
then O
in O
7 O
% O
NaOH O
and O
60 O
% O
EtOH O
solution O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
15 O
min O
. O

As O
there O
was O
no O
difference O
in O
seed B-Location
cotton B-Species
yield O
between O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
the O
nontransgenic O
control O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
, O
the O
greater O
lint O
yield O
is O
mainly O
due O
to O
the O
enhanced O
lint O
percentage O
. O

This O
resulted O
in O
six O
sets O
of O
arabidopsis B-Species
gene O
identi O
fi O
ers O
that O
could O
be O
compared O
using O
JMP O
software O
( O
SAS O
, O
Cary O
NC O
) O
in O
order O
to O
determine O
gene O
identi O
fi O
ers O
held O
in O
common O
, O
or O
intersecting O
, O
between O
them O
. O

Then O
the O
selection O
frequency O
of O
each O
marker O
being O
selected O
was O
calculated O
, O
and O
was O
used O
to O
judge O
the O
support O
of O
QTL O
. O

In O
: O
Doran O
T O
, O
Helliwell O
C O
( O
eds O
) O
Methods O
for O
plants O
and O
animals O
. O

Nat O
Rev O
Mol O
Cell O
Biol O
6 O
: O
850 O
- O
861 O
Curtis O
MD O
, O
Grossniklaus O
U O
( O
2003 O
) O
A O
gateway O
cloning O
vector O
set O
for O
high O
- O
throughput O
functional O
analysis O
of O
genes O
in O
planta O
. O

One O
experiment O
was O
a O
transactivation O
assay O
that O
used O
Arabidopsis B-Species
culture O
cell O
protoplasts O
and O
a O
firefly O
luciferase O
reporter O
gene O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
CEP1 B-CommonName
5 O
' O
- O
upstream O
region O
. O

DNA O
was O
removed O
on O
a O
column O
using O
RNase O
- O
Free O
DNase O
( O
Qiagen O
) O
. O

Proteins O
with O
a O
predicted O
location O
score O
more O
than O
0 O
. O
65 O
with O
common O
functional O
domain O
group O
in O
mammals O
and O
plants O
were O
selected O
as O
the O
components O
on O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
A O
community O
resource O
for O
high O
- O
throughput O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
transcription O
factor O
gene O
expression O
in O
Medicago B-Species
truncatula I-Species
. O

Double O
- O
dashed O
lines O
indicate O
the O
polyadenylation B-Process
sites O
. O

Humphreys O
JM O
, O
Chapple O
C O
( O
2002 O
) O
Rewriting O
the O
lignin B-Compound
roadmap O
. O

The O
GUS O
staining O
in O
root B-Location
exactly O
overlapped O
with O
the O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
assumed O
that O
a O
high O
degree O
of O
sequence O
similarity O
is O
suf O
fi O
cient O
for O
transferring O
the O
biological O
function O
of O
a O
previously O
charac O
- O
terised O
gene O
to O
an O
as O
yet O
functionally O
uncharacterised O
ortho O
- O
logue O
. O

This O
fact O
clearly O
points O
to O
the O
participation O
of O
AtPrx52 B-CommonName
not O
only O
in O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
but O
also O
in O
the O
synthesis B-Process
of O
402 O
Physiol O
. O

CLV3 B-CommonName
is O
localized O
to O
the O
extracellular O
space O
, O
where O
it O
activates O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
CLAVATA B-CommonName
stem B-Location
cell I-Location
signaling O
pathway O
. O

The O
fractionated O
samples O
were O
probed O
with O
antibodies O
against O
GFP O
( O
which O
also O
recognizes O
YFP O
) O
, O
RPL15 B-CommonName
and O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
. O

TABLE O
S4 O
| O
GO O
enrichment O
analysis O
of O
20 O
clusters O
. O

Cytological O
analysis O
with O
cross O
- O
section O
specimen O
of O
mature B-Location
stem I-Location
revealed O
a O
dense O
vessel B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
the O
stem B-Location
of O
OXPdWND3A B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Samples O
of O
200 O
- O
300 O
mg O
were O
purified O
and O
finally O
analyzed O
by O
GC O
/ O
MS O
- O
selected O
reaction O
monitoring O
( O
SRM O
) O
essentially O
as O
earlier O
described O
by O
Peng O
and O
coworkers O
40 O
. O

Ralph O
, O
Detection O
and O
determination O
of O
p O
- O
coumaroylated O
units O
in O
lignins B-Compound
. O

Chua O
, O
An O
estrogen O
receptor O
- O
based O
transactivator O
XVE B-CommonName
mediates O
highly O
inducible O
gene O
expression O
in O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

We O
selected O
1 O
- O
year O
- O
old O
field O
- O
grown O
C B-Species
. I-Species

Therefore O
, O
maize B-Species
FAE B-CommonName
is O
likely O
to O
be O
implicated O
in O
controlling O
the O
degree O
of O
AX B-Compound
feruloylation B-Process
during O
abiotic O
stress O
. O

It O
is O
possible O
that O
the O
Huang O
et O
al O
. O

However O
, O
the O
infection O
of O
hypocotyls B-Location
with O
ARqua1 O
led O
to O
transformation O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
only O
4 O
% O
, O
whereas O
no O
transformed O
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
at O
all O
were O
obtained O
with O
A4 O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

qRT O
- O
PCR O
detecting O
the O
expression O
of O
several O
genes O
associated O
with O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosythesis B-Process
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
overexpression O
plants O
. O

MATERIALS O
DISTRIBUTION O
All O
manuscripts O
must O
include O
the O
following O
statement O
as O
an O
unnumbered O
footnote O
: O
" O
The O
author O
( O
s O
) O
responsible O
for O
distribution O
of O
materials O
integral O
to O
the O
findings O
presented O
in O
this O
article O
in O
accordance O
with O
the O
policy O
described O
in O
the O
Instructions O
for O
Authors O
( O
www O
. O
plantcell O
. O
org O
) O
is O
( O
are O
) O
: O
John O
D O
. O

Primer O
name O
Sequence O
( O
5 O
- O
3 O
) O
Notes O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine_for O
GGTGAATGGTGAAAGCATTGGTCG O
Amplification O
of O
the O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
transcript O
. O

Programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
controlled O
by O
ANAC033 B-CommonName
/ O
SOMBRERO B-CommonName
determines O
root O
cap O
organ O
size O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

After O
neutralization O
with O
acetic O
acid O
, O
the O
alditols O
were O
incubated O
with O
acetic O
anhydride O
and O
1 O
- O
methylimidazole O
for O
acetylation O
. O

For O
further O
selective O
pressure O
analysis O
, O
we O
found O
that O
purifying O
selection O
acted O
as O
a O
primary O
force O
during O
the O
AP B-CommonName
gene O
family O
expansion B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
, O
suggesting O
these O
duplicate O
genes O
might O
retain O
their O
ancestral O
functions O
[ O
43 O
] O
. O

Based O
on O
a O
correlation O
threshold O
, O
genes O
can O
be O
assigned O
to O
modules O
( O
clusters O
) O
in O
which O
the O
expression O
of O
the O
genes O
varies O
in O
a O
similar O
manner O
across O
the O
different O
experimental O
conditions O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
identified O
six O
pairs O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
genes O
in O
the O
Populus B-Species
genome O
and O
characterized O
their O
expression O
patterns O
. O

Dynamic O
intracellular O
trafficking B-Process
of O
endomembranes O
in O
combination O
with O
increased O
velocity O
and O
high O
density O
of O
CSCs O
, O
enables O
cellulose B-Compound
to O
be O
synthesized O
rapidly O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
The O
proteome O
of O
mari O
- O
time O
pine B-Species
wood B-Compound
- O
forming O
tissue O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
19 O
. O
00689 O
7 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
7 O
. O

Focusing O
on O
carbohydrate O
metabolic O
pathways O
, O
it O
is O
obvious O
that O
the O
key O
intermediate O
in O
the O
multiple O
pathways O
is O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
, O
a O
substrate O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

On O
top O
, O
the O
amino O
acid O
positions O
of O
reference O
gene O
LpCOMT1 B-CommonName
are O
shown O
, O
the O
ones O
that O
are O
actually O
discovered O
in O
LpCOMT1 B-CommonName
are O
underlined O
( O
Louie O
et O
al O
. O

Isoxaben O
treatment O
caused O
accumulation O
of O
CesAs B-CommonName
in O
cytosolic O
compartments O
( O
arrowheads O
in O
right O
panel O
) O
. O

Scale O
bars O
, O
10 O
mm O
( O
A O
and O
B O
) O
and O
5 O
mm O
( O
C O
, O
E O
, O
and O
H O
) O
. O

Statistic O
analysis O
was O
performed O
with O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
. O

The O
former O
subset O
was O
used O
to O
build O
the O
classifier O
whereas O
the O
latter O
was O
employed O
for O
validation O
. O

on O
January O
19 O
, O
2020 O
sensitive O
to O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

CLUSTALX O
was O
used O
to O
generate O
multiple O
sequences O
alignments O
. O

This O
family O
of O
transcription O
factors O
reg O
- O
ulates O
many O
plant O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
biological O
processes O
such O
as O
photosynthesis B-Process
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O

We O
have O
clearly O
known O
that O
some O
enzymes O
are O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

A O
, O
Verification O
of O
the O
LTF1 B-CommonName
binding O
to O
Pd4CL1 B-CommonName
promoter O
by O
electrophoretic O
mobility O
shift O
assay O
( O
EMSA O
) O
. O

The O
error O
bars O
represent O
means O
SD O
. O

Relative O
expression O
levels O
were O
calculated O
using O
the O
formula O
2 O
- O
Ct O
for O
each O
sample O
( O
Supplementary O
Figure O
S5 O
) O
. O

2005 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
exhibited O
decreased O
levels O
of O
both O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
glucuronosyl B-Compound
arabinoxylan I-Compound
in O
the O
nodes B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Then O
, O
centrifuge O
at O
16000 O
g O
for O
30 O
min O
at O
4 O
o O
C O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os05t0572700 O
- O
01 O
Os05g0572700 O
; O
Similar O
to O
protein O
phosphatase B-CommonName
2C I-CommonName
ABI1 O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
signaling O
and O
secretion O
- O
associated O
proteins O
. O

( O
XLS O
) O
Table O
S6 O
Localization O
scores O
used O
for O
PFANTOM O
tool O
. O

By O
contrast O
, O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
salt O
- O
stressed O
plants O
had O
~ O
80 O
% O
more O
esterified O
FA B-Compound
in O
comparison O
to O
the O
control O
, O
whereas O
no O
significant O
differences O
were O
observed O
in O
leaves B-Location
. O

Rice B-Species
is O
in O
the O
subfamily O
Erhardtoideae B-Species
, O
whereas O
, O
maize B-Species
and O
switchgrass B-Species
are O
both O
in O
the O
Panicoideae B-Species
[ O
55 O
] O
. O

Scheme O
of O
pRTL2 O
plasmid O
Supporting O
Information O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

Brondani O
RPV O
, O
Brondani O
C O
, O
Tarchini O
R O
, O
Grattapaglia O
D O
. O

The O
methanol O
extract O
was O
then O
evaporated O
and O
the O
pellet O
dissolved O
in O
200 O
mu O
l O
water O
/ O
cyclohexane O
( O
1 O
/ O
1 O
, O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
. O

Similar O
results O
were O
found O
for O
atprx72 B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
whose O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
were O
affected O
, O
with O
a O
decrease O
of O
S O
units O
, O
while O
xylem B-Location
remained O
unaltered O
( O
Herrero O
et O
al O
. O

The O
LUC O
activity O
was O
measured O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Ohta O
et O
al O
. O

Nat O
Commun O
826 O
4 O
: O
2833 O
827 O
Yoo O
SD O
, O
Cho O
YH O
, O
Sheen O
J O
( O
2007 O
) O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mesophyll B-Location
protoplasts O
: O
a O
versatile O
cell O
system O
for O
828 O
transient O
gene O
expression O
analysis O
. O

2009 O
) O
, O
the O
G O
: O
S O
ratio O
was O
altered O
in O
only O
some O
mutants O
. O

( O
1992 O
) O
reported O
the O
intra O
- O
annual O
variation O
in O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
the O
lat O
- O
est O
deposited O
MFs O
in O
S O
3 O
for O
L O
. O

Sheen O
, O
Signal O
transduction O
in O
maize B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mesophyll B-Location
protoplasts O
, O
Plant O
Physiol O
. O

These O
results O
suggested O
that O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
may O
directly O
or O
indi O
- O
rectly O
regulate O
the O
genes O
related O
to O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

GST O
- O
fusion O
protein O
pull O
- O
down O
assays O
for O
PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
interactions O
with O
PtrRAD1 B-CommonName
, O
PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
and O
PtrKNAT7 B-CommonName
. O

We O
hypothesize O
that O
the O
disappearance O
of O
the O
1660 O
cm O
- O
1 O
band O
may O
be O
attributable O
mainly O
to O
condensation O
reactions O
of O
lignin B-Compound
/ O
lignan B-Compound
molecules O
or O
oxidative O
alteration O
of O
lignin B-Compound
. O

Yamaguchi O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Plant O
J O
. O

Our O
analyses O
revealed O
that O
gene O
expression O
patterns O
across O
the O
12 O
sam O
- O
ples O
evaluated O
here O
were O
clearly O
divided O
into O
two O
groups O
: O
two O
con O
- O
trols O
and O
PaC3H17DR B-CommonName
/ O
PaMYB199OE B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

All O
sec O
- O
tions O
were O
SC O
/ O
PL O
+ O
treated O
. O

These O
methods O
were O
combined O
into O
a O
software O
utility O
suite O
named O
seidr O
( O
Schiffthaler O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
27 O
genes O
were O
significantly O
up O
- O
regulated O
during O
the O
early O
stages O
of O
TW O
formation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

Comparative O
analyses O
on O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
at O
selected O
days O
post O
- O
anthesis O
indicate O
different O
temporal O
and O
spatial O
regulation O
of O
hetero B-Compound
- I-Compound
mannan I-Compound
and O
heteroxylan B-Compound
during O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
development B-Process
. O

c O
Internode B-Location
sections O
at O
the O
internode B-Location
elongation B-Process
stage O
. O

An O
engineered O
monolignol B-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
O I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
methyltransferase I-CommonName
( O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
) O
represses O
lignin B-Compound
polymerization B-Process
and O
confers O
novel O
metabolic O
capability O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

9a O
, O
the O
flowers B-Location
from O
the O
mutant O
plants O
are O
slightly O
smaller O
than O
the O
wild O
type O
; O
and O
the O
stigma B-Location
of O
the O
mutant O
sticks O
out O
of O
the O
flower B-Location
. O

Four O
bolls B-Location
in O
each O
line O
were O
analyzed O
, O
and O
at O
least O
three O
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
per O
boll B-Location
were O
tested O
. O

the O
ratio O
of O
root B-Location
punching O
out O
) O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
transgenic O
seeds B-Location
on O
MS O
medium O
containing O
increasing O
concentrations O
of O
NaCl O
after O
14 O
- O
d O
culture O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
most O
of O
the O
DEGs O
were O
related O
to O
metabolism B-Process
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biogenesis B-Process
and O
remodeling B-Process
, O
signal B-Process
transduction I-Process
and O
stress O
. O

SN O
, O
HT O
, O
and O
TG O
wrote O
the O
manuscript O
. O

( O
TIF O
) O
Figure O
S2 O
ANX1 B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
and O
ANX2 B-CommonName
- O
YFP O
fusion O
proteins O
complement O
the O
anx1 B-CommonName
anx2 B-CommonName
pollen B-Location
tube I-Location
rupture O
pheno O
- O
type O
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
biochemical O
characterization O
of O
four O
wood B-Compound
- O
associated O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
methyltransferases B-CommonName
in O
populus B-Species
. O

The O
black O
arrows O
indicate O
the O
two O
target O
sites O
. O

The O
NMR O
data O
also O
confirmed O
that O
the O
relative O
abundances O
of O
xylosyl O
and O
arabinosyl O
residues O
remained O
constant O
in O
the O
controls O
and O
the O
stressed O
roots B-Location
, O
suggesting O
that O
the O
AX B-Compound
structure O
was O
maintained O
upon O
salt O
stress O
. O

This O
study O
provides O
a O
useful O
resource O
for O
future O
studies O
seeking O
for O
the O
molecular O
mechanisms O
of O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
and O
utilization O
of O
bioenergy O
. O

As O
high O
expression O
of O
PAL B-CommonName
in O
young O
tissue O
may O
act O
to O
stimulate O
metabolic O
flux O
into O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
production O
, O
high O
expression O
of O
CCR B-CommonName
in O
young O
tissue O
may O
ensure O
a O
high O
level O
of O
metabolite O
commitment O
into O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
which O
is O
fundamentally O
important O
for O
healthy O
plant O
development B-Process
( O
Weng O
& O
Chapple O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

Due O
to O
the O
lack O
of O
genomic O
resources O
for O
tree O
crops O
particularly O
tropical O
species O
, O
the O
simple O
discovery O
of O
genes O
controlling O
wood B-Compound
- O
related O
traits O
will O
be O
a O
major O
step O
forward O
. O

The O
bs1 B-CommonName
mutant O
here O
showed O
pleiotropic O
phenotypes O
, O
including O
reduced O
plant O
height O
and O
biomass O
, O
small O
panicles O
and O
brittle O
leaf B-Location
sheaths I-Location
. O

Plant O
Biotechnol O
26 O
: O
15 O
- O
28 O
van O
Heerden O
PS O
, O
Towers O
GHN O
, O
Lewis O
NG O
( O
1996 O
) O
Nitrogen O
metabolism B-Process
in O
lignifying O
Pinus B-Species
taeda I-Species
cell O
cultures O
. O

Unlike O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Positions O
and O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
panicle O
base O
( O
PB O
) O
and O
each O
stem B-Location
internode I-Location
( O
IN O
) O
of O
74LH3213 O
and O
d O
- O
NIL O
at O
8 O
WAP O
. O

Journal O
of O
Pineal O
Research O
57 O
: O
418 O
- O
426 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1111 O
/ O
jpi O
. O
12181 O
. O

A O
total O
of O
39 O
and O
19 O
proteins O
, O
respectively O
, O
were O
detected O
as O
high O
con O
- O
tributors O
to O
Dim O
1 O
( O
Cu1 O
/ O
Cu6 O
vs O
. O

( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
( O
c O
) O
( O
d O
) O
( O
e O
) O
( O
f O
) O
( O
g O
) O
( O
h O
) O
FIGURE O
1 O
Expression O
pattern O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
. O

6 O
CWA1 B-CommonName
/ O
BC1 B-CommonName
gene O
structure O
and O
expression O
of O
CWA1 B-CommonName
/ O
BC1 B-CommonName
in O
elongating B-Location
internodes I-Location
. O

received O
Computational O
Biology O
Research O
Initiative O
and O
Early O
Career O
Research O
Grants O
from O
the O
University O
of O
Melbourne O
. O

Five O
hundred O
micrograms O
of O
supernatant O
protein O
and O
50 O
mM O
MG132 O
( O
Sigma O
) O
or O
20 O
U O
of O
thermosensitive O
alkaline O
phosphatase O
( O
FastAP O
) O
( O
Thermo O
) O
were O
incubated O
with O
equal O
amounts O
of O
recombinant O
LTF1 B-CommonName
- O
3FLAG O
or O
LTF1 B-CommonName
AA O
- O
3FLAG O
protein O
. O

Acknowledgements O
This O
work O
was O
supported O
by O
FONDECYT O
project O
N O
deg O
1150964 O
. O

Isolated O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
dried O
and O
ball O
- O
milled O
using O
a O
Retsch O
PM100 O
planetary O
ball O
mill O
at O
600 O
rpm O
, O
using O
ZrO O
2 O
vessels B-Location
( O
50 O
mL O
) O
containing O
ZrO O
2 O
ball O
bearings O
( O
10 O
x O
10 O
mm O
) O
. O

Because O
the O
IX O
- O
DHS O
dataset O
was O
representative O
of O
the O
DHSs O
across O
small O
- O
and O
large O
- O
fragment O
chromatin O
contexts O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
OsSWN1 B-CommonName
also O
induced O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
decrease O
in O
the O
cell O
area O
of O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
all O
the O
trans O
- O
genic O
lines O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
r O
2 O
value O
between O
each O
pair O
of O
common O
SNPs O
( O
minor O
allele O
frequencies O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Real O
- O
time O
analysis O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
expression O
in O
different O
tissues O
. O

Each O
of O
the O
Six O
Full O
- O
Size O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
Can O
Translocate O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
from O
the O
Cytoplasm O
into O
the O
Nucleus O
. O

Programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
and O
apoptosis B-Process
: O
origins O
of O
the O
theory O
. O

The O
data O
provides O
a O
multi O
- O
level O
source O
of O
information O
for O
future O
studies O
on O
the O
function O
of O
the O
SCAMP B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
plant O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

a O
Detection O
of O
DUF579s B-CommonName
in O
microsomal O
( O
M O
) O
and O
soluble O
( O
S O
) O
proteins O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Seasonal O
gene O
expression O
patterns O
in O
woody O
tissues O
of O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
. O

This O
result O
indicated O
there O
was O
such O
possibility O
that O
the O
genes O
from O
E B-Species
. I-Species

The O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
- O
FLAG O
and O
GFP O
pair O
served O
as O
a O
control O
, O
in O
which O
the O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
- O
FLAG O
protein O
was O
undetectable O
. O

Numbering O
starts O
at O
the O
transcription O
start O
site O
( O
? O
1 O
) O
determined O
by O
5 O
0 O
- O
RACE O
; O
the O
5 O
0 O
UTR O
is O
in O
italics O
. O

1381 O
- O
1393 O
doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1111 O
/ O
pbi O
. O
12502 O
many O
new O
candidates O
potentially O
regulating O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
that O
need O
to O
be O
functionally O
characterized O
. O

Pfam O
domain O
information O
of O
whole O
genome O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
was O
downloaded O
from O
TAIR O
and O
for O
rice B-Species
from O
the O
rice B-Species
genome O
annotation O
project O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
rice O
. O
plantbiology O
. O
msu O
. O
edu O
) O
[ O
72 O
] O
. O

To O
test O
whether O
the O
observed O
objects O
were O
intact O
microtubules O
, O
a O
gliding O
motility O
assay O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Nitzsche O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

3 O
Anatomical O
analysis O
of O
stable O
RNAi O
and O
OX O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

The O
seedlings O
were O
treated O
with O
5 O
l O
M O
DCB O
for O
2 O
h O
before O
observa O
- O
tion O
with O
CLSM O
. O

The O
rosettes O
were O
first O
localised O
in O
protoplast O
and O
with O
advancement O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
found O
in O
plasma O
membrane O
over O
regions O
of O
secondary O
wall B-Compound
thickening B-Process
but O
not O
between O
the O
bands O
. O

The O
effect O
of O
applied O
growth B-Process
hormones O
on O
cambial O
divi B-Process
- I-Process
sion I-Process
and O
the O
differentiation B-Process
of O
the O
cambial O
derivatives O
. O

Clough O
SJ O
, O
Bent O
AF O
: O
Floral B-Location
dip O
: O
a O
simplified O
method O
for O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
genome O
, O
we O
inferred O
that O
nine O
miR O
- O
NAs O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

S2 O
) O
, O
and O
hierarchical O
clustering O
linked O
almost O
all O
DE O
SCWB B-Process
genes O
into O
1 O
cluster O
( O
red O
in O
Fig O
. O

Yen O
JY O
, O
Senger O
RS O
, O
Gillaspy O
GE O
. O

3 O
Hierarchical O
clustering O
of O
transcripts O
associated O
with O
genes O
for O
mannan B-Compound
, O
xylan B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
. O

In O
Cu6 O
, O
the O
63 O
Cu O
signal O
is O
clearly O
visible O
in O
the O
extracellular O
matrix O
at O
the O
periphery O
of O
the O
cells O
( O
Fig O
. O

1 O
Table O
S2 O
: O
Expression O
profile O
of O
MADS B-CommonName
genes O
in O
Fig O
. O

[ O
15 O
] O
, O
which O
show O
an O
average O
RPKM O
- O
normalized O
value O
higher O
than O
10 O
and O
the O
lowest O
coefficient O
of O
variation O
identified O
with O
RNAseq O
. O

Fu O
( O
Shanghai O
Synchrotron O
) O
for O
assistance O
. O

American O
Chemical O
Society O
: O
Washington O
DC O
, O
pp O
. O

Coimmunoprecipitation O
assay O
Coimmunoprecipitation O
assay O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
elsewhere O
( O
Liu O
et O
al O
. O

grandis I-Species
query O
genes O
which O
passed O
criteria O
set O
during O
co O
- O
expression O
analysis O
, O
membership O
to O
an O
expression O
module O
and O
correlation O
with O
SCW B-Compound
associated O
genes O
Table O
S8 O
Identification O
of O
bins O
significantly O
enriched O
in O
trans O
- O
eQTLs O
( O
Excel O
file O
) O
. O

CSE B-CommonName
is O
also O
a O
lysophospholipase B-CommonName
that O
is O
induced O
by O
hydrogen O
peroxide O
and O
assists O
in O
phospholipid B-Compound
repair O
under O
stress O
conditions O
6 O
, O
30 O
, O
and O
CCR B-CommonName
acts O
as O
an O
effector O
of O
RAC1 B-CommonName
, O
a O
GTPase B-CommonName
involved O
in O
generation O
of O
active B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
during O
defense B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
31 O
. O

Secondary B-Location
vascular I-Location
development B-Process
is O
enhanced O
in O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
when O
plants O
are O
grown O
under O
long O
day O
conditions O
( O
16 O
/ O
8 O
day O
/ O
night O
) O
and O
transferred O
to O
short O
- O
day O
conditions O
( O
8 O
/ O
16 O
day O
/ O
night O
) O
immediately O
after O
bolting O
. O

The O
solution O
was O
centrifuged O
at O
18 O
000 O
g O
for O
10 O
min O
and O
the O
resulting O
pellet O
was O
washed O
three O
times O
with O
deionized O
water O
, O
resuspended O
in O
1 O
. O
5 O
ml O
of O
0 O
. O
5 O
M O
NaOH O
and O
shaken O
for O
12 O
h O
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
CrRLK1L B-CommonName
- O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
signaling O
module O
appears O
to O
be O
conserved O
in O
tip O
- O
growing O
cells O
. O

These O
differences O
in O
transcript O
abun O
- O
dance O
among O
genotypic O
classes O
are O
discussed O
regarding O
their O
putative O
function O
and O
relationship O
with O
variation O
in O
phenotypic O
trait O
. O

Phylogeny O
of O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
( O
CAD B-CommonName
) O
genes O
. O

We O
selected O
18 O
genes O
related O
to O
TE B-Location
formation B-Process
and O
re O
- O
examined O
their O
expression O
using O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
. O

This O
file O
contains O
information O
on O
the O
26 O
global O
trans O
- O
expression O
quantitative O
trait O
locus O
( O
eQTL O
) O
hotspots O
identified O
in O
A O
. O
A O
. O

The O
sections O
were O
photographed O
using O
a O
light O
microscope O
( O
Olympus O
, O
BX51TRF O
, O
Tokyo O
, O
Japan O
) O
. O

It O
has O
been O
reported O
that O
expression O
levels O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
genes O
showed O
high O
correlations O
with O
specific O
fiber B-Location
properties O
, O
supporting O
a O
role O
in O
determining O
fiber B-Location
strength O
[ O
57 O
] O
. O

2003 O
) O
was O
used O
to O
calculate O
summary O
statistics O
for O
SNP O
polymorphisms O
. O

After O
a O
wash O
of O
the O
membrane O
with O
TBST O
buffer O
( O
3x O
15 O
min O
) O
, O
the O
membrane O
was O
incubated O
with O
a O
chemiluminescent O
substrate O
( O
SuperSignal O
West O
Pico O
from O
Thermo O
scientific O
) O
. O

an O
intricate O
role O
in O
transport O
of O
water O
and O
nutrients O
( O
Sarkanen O
1971 O
) O
. O

0 O
10 O
20 O
30 O
40 O
50 O
60 O
70 O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
- O
OX O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
- O
OX O
EV O
Transfection O
efficiency O
( O
% O
) O
Protoplast O
sample O
( O
14 O
hpt O
) O
0 O
5 O
10 O
15 O
20 O
25 O
30 O
35 O
40 O
45 O
50 O
Kit O
purification O
CsCl O
purification O
Transfection O
efficiency O
( O
% O
) O
Plasmid O
purification O
method O
A O
B O
Figure O
S4 O
. O

Extensins B-CommonName
( O
HRGPs O
) O
are O
also O
a O
group O
of O
proteins O
of O
great O
importance O
to O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
architecture O
and O
constitute O
the O
major O
protein O
component O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
dicots O
. O

Gene O
regulatory O
cascade O
of O
senescence B-Process
- O
associated O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
15 O
March O
2018 O
| O
Volume O
9 O
| O
Article O
272 O
Seyfferth O
et O
al O
. O

Images O
were O
taken O
using O
a O
light O
microscope O
. O

3 O
. O
4 O
| O
Salt O
stress O
induces O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
accumulation B-Process
of O
ferulic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
In O
order O
to O
elucidate O
the O
molecular O
basis O
of O
the O
modulation O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
ester O
- O
linked O
FA B-Compound
content O
, O
we O
further O
investigated O
the O
changes O
in O
the O
expression O
of O
genes O
and O
the O
activity O
of O
enzymes O
required O
to O
FA B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
seedlings O
and O
plants O
exposed O
to O
salinity O
. O

Schematic O
Model O
for O
CC B-CommonName
Protein O
Function O
during O
Salt O
Stress O
Under O
non O
- O
stressed O
conditions O
, O
the O
CSCs O
pro O
- O
duce O
cellulose B-Compound
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
PM O
) O
and O
are O
guided O
by O
CSI1 B-CommonName
along O
cortical O
microtubules O
. O

These O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
the O
2 O
proteins O
interact O
. O

Iowa O
State O
University O
Press O
, O
Ames O
Plant O
Physiol O
. O

Note O
that O
CFP O
intensity O
is O
increased O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
( O
red O
arrow O
- O
heads O
) O
. O

( O
F O
) O
Measurement O
of O
the O
breaking O
force O
of O
stems B-Location
of O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
various O
mutants O
. O

) O
, O
120 O
ng O
of O
recombinant O
PvHCT2a B-CommonName
protein O
and O
1 O
mM O
of O
various O
acyl O
acceptors O
. O

After O
selection O
for O
hygromycin O
resistance O
, O
primary O
transformants O
were O
transferred O
to O
soil O
and O
seeds B-Location
collected O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Detection O
of O
xylan B-Compound
by O
immunohistochemistry O
using O
the O
LM10 O
that O
binds O
xylan B-Compound
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
observed O
that O
the O
STL1 B-CommonName
and O
STL2 B-CommonName
could O
interact O
with O
each O
other O
to O
potentially O
form O
hetero O
- O
or O
homodimeric O
protein O
complexes O
( O
Fig O
. O

Gene O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
oligonucleotides O
used O
for O
cloning O
and O
construct O
generation O
are O
shown O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
used O
in O
our O
studies O
. O

The O
Class O
II O
KNOX B-CommonName
gene O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
negatively O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
is O
functionally O
conserved O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

The O
resulting O
cellulose B-Compound
residue O
was O
then O
pre O
- O
dried O
in O
a O
vacuum O
centrifuge O
and O
finished O
in O
a O
50 O
deg O
C O
oven O
overnight O
before O
the O
final O
weights O
were O
measured O
. O

these O
genes O
to O
promote O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
or O
plant O
hormone O
signal O
transduction O
and O
consequently O
improve O
maize B-Species
lodging O
and O
drought O
resistance O
( O
Figure O
6 O
) O
. O

De O
- O
waxed O
sections O
were O
stained O
with O
Toluidine O
Blue O
O O
( O
TBO O
) O
and O
photographed O
using O
a O
light O
microscope O
. O

S6 O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
each O
master O
regulator O
affected O
only O
a O
small O
proportion O
of O
the O
transcriptome O
uniquely O
, O
and O
most O
distinguishably O
for O
the O
early O
targets O
. O

SFT_ung_447 O
- O
DEG O
between O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
but O
not O
between O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
TFUL2 B-CommonName
) O
SFT B-CommonName
unique O
class O
I O
+ O
II O
) O
. O

RESULTS O
Identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
PtoCesA4 B-CommonName
We O
used O
reverse O
- O
transcription O
PCR O
to O
isolate O
a O
full O
- O
length O
cDNA O
of O
PtoCesA4 B-CommonName
from O
a O
cDNA O
library O
prepared O
from O
the O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
zone O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Abiotic O
stress O
can O
co O
- O
opt O
the O
xylem B-Location
regulatory O
network O
Having O
generated O
a O
gene O
regulatory O
network O
supported O
by O
in O
vivo O
and O
in O
vitro O
approaches O
, O
we O
sought O
to O
test O
if O
the O
model O
could O
allow O
us O
to O
predict O
responses O
under O
abiotic O
stress O
perturbation O
. O

Spatial O
regulation O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
was O
reported O
in O
Ohtani O
et O
al O
. O

After O
washing O
with O
phosphate O
bu O
ff O
er O
, O
specimens O
were O
packed O
in O
small O
bottles O
fi O
lled O
with O
30 O
% O
ethanol O
, O
shipped O
to O
Y O
. O
S O
. O

3 O
) O
, O
that O
corresponds O
to O
the O
sites O
of O
distribution O
of O
CuZn B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
SOD I-CommonName
and O
generation O
of O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
( O
Ogawa O
et O
al O
. O

The O
majority O
of O
SAM B-Compound
produced O
needs O
to O
be O
balanced O
between O
lignin B-Compound
and O
the O
methylation B-Process
of O
the O
GlucA B-Compound
residues O
on O
the O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
, O
an O
association O
that O
has O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
gxm B-CommonName
knockout O
mutants O
( O
Urbanowicz O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
A O
Rho B-CommonName
family I-CommonName
GTPase I-CommonName
controls O
actin O
dynamics O
and O
tip O
growth B-Process
via O
two O
counteracting O
downstream O
pathways O
in O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
. O

PtoMYB156 B-CommonName
localized O
to O
the O
nucleus O
and O
acted O
as O
a O
transcriptional O
repressor O
. O

( O
I O
- O
L O
) O
Mean O
diameter O
of O
lateral B-Location
roots I-Location
such O
as O
those O
shown O
in O
( O
A O
- O
H O
) O
( O
n O
21 O
) O
. O

The O
derivatization O
reaction O
and O
GC O
- O
MS O
analysis O
were O
performed O
as O
for O
the O
wax B-Compound
analysis O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Ethylene B-Compound
perception O
is O
involved O
in O
female O
cucumber B-Species
flower B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Our O
results O
also O
provide O
evi O
- O
dence O
for O
the O
biological O
functions O
of O
RabG3b B-CommonName
as O
a O
positive O
regulator O
of O
autophagic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
for B-Process
- I-Process
mation I-Process
during O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
. O

Acceptor O
photo O
- O
bleaching O
of O
the O
YFP B-CommonName
signal O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
increased O
the O
intensity O
of O
the O
CFP B-CommonName
signal O
, O
indicating O
a O
direct O
interaction O
between O
XVP B-CommonName
and O
BAK1 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Measurement O
of O
Mechanical O
Strength O
Mechanical O
strength O
was O
measured O
using O
a O
material O
tester O
( O
Instron O
5867 O
, O
Norwood O
, O
MA O
, O
USA O
) O
. O

Collapsed O
xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
elements I-Location
with O
extremely O
thin O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
observed O
in O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
transgenic O
trees O
. O

For O
dissectionofcellwall O
biosynthesispromoters O
, O
approximately O
1 O
, O
000 O
bp O
of O
sequence O
upstream O
of O
the O
translational O
start O
site O
was O
tested O
for O
interac O
- O
tions O
with O
the O
transcription O
factor O
library O
. O

A O
gibberellin B-Compound
- O
mediated O
DELLA B-CommonName
- O
NAC B-CommonName
signaling O
cascade O
regulates O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Copper O
- O
de O
fi O
ciency O
in O
Brassica B-Species
napus I-Species
induces O
copper O
remobiliza O
- O
tion O
, O
molybdenum O
accumulation B-Process
and O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
the O
expression O
of O
chloroplastic O
proteins O
. O

designed O
, O
acquired O
, O
analysed O
, O
interpreted O
data O
and O
wrote O
the O
manuscript O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
estimation O
and O
sugar O
release O
Tobacco B-Species
stem B-Location
samples O
consisting O
of O
seven O
internodes B-Location
from O
base O
were O
used O
for O
the O
analysis O
. O

Identification O
of O
a O
cis O
- O
acting O
regulatory O
motif O
recognized O
by O
MYB46 B-CommonName
, O
a O
master O
transcriptional O
regulator O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

The O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
incorporating O
the O
CSE B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
reaction O
established O
in O
this O
study O
. O

d O
The O
gross O
morphology O
and O
mechanical O
strength O
between O
WT O
( O
left O
) O
and O
bsh1 B-CommonName
( O
right O
) O
at O
the O
seedling O
stage O
. O

Three O
other O
genes O
encoding O
glycosyltransferase B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
family O
proteins O
were O
down O
- O
regulated O
only O
in O
PR3 O
samples O
( O
cluster O
I O
) O
. O

Top O
Panels O
are O
maximum O
xy O
projections O
of O
the O
stacks O
, O
lower O
panels O
show O
orthogonal O
xz O
views O
. O

Peak O
C1 O
was O
identiWed O
as O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
based O
on O
its O
retention O
time O
and O
that O
of O
the O
standard O
, O
whereas O
peak O
C2 O
is O
most O
likely O
the O
cis O
isomer O
. O

431 O
The O
double O
mutants O
, O
myb20 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
43 I-CommonName
and O
myb42 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
85 I-CommonName
, O
were O
planted O
and O
harvested O
at O
the O
432 O
same O
time O
as O
wild O
type O
Col O
- O
0 O
and O
the O
myb20 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
42 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
43 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
85 I-CommonName
mutant O
. O

Tetraspanins O
bear O
no O
discernable O
homology O
to O
CASPs B-CommonName
, O
but O
are O
also O
involved O
in O
organizing O
membrane O
microdomains O
( O
Charrin O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

Open O
flowers B-Location
were O
observed O
under O
a O
stereomicroscope O
, O
and O
no O
apparent O
difference O
was O
found O
for O
the O
morphology O
of O
pistil B-Location
or O
stamen B-Location
. O

lutarioriparius I-Species
was O
fi O
xed O
in O
70 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
ethanol O
, O
5 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
formaldehydeand O
5 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
glacial O
acetic O
acid O
and O
then O
dehydrated O
by O
passing O
through O
an O
ethanol O
and O
a O
xylene B-Compound
series O
. O

Nucleus O
magnification O
is O
shown O
for O
tECL O
and O
ntECL O
. O

Dwar O
fi O
sm O
in O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
plants O
was O
mainly O
attributed O
to O
reduction O
in O
internode B-Location
cell I-Location
length O
not O
overall O
cell O
number O
. O

From O
the O
same O
plants O
, O
three O
developing B-Location
fruits I-Location
of O
10 O
( O
stage O
1 O
) O
, O
15 O
( O
stage O
2 O
) O
and O
20 O
mm O
( O
stage O
3 O
) O
in O
diameter O
were O
also O
har O
- O
vested O
per O
tree O
( O
Fig O
. O

European O
journal O
of O
cell O
biology O
23 O
: O
53 O
- O
65 O
. O

Microscopic O
studies O
on O
mature O
flax B-Species
fibers B-Location
embedded O
in O
LR O
white O
: O
immunogold O
localization O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
matrix O
polysaccharides O
. O

Proteins O
were O
transferred O
to O
a O
nitrocellulose O
membrane O
( O
Protran O
) O
via O
wet O
transfer O
at O
4 O
C O
in O
a O
25mM O
Tris O
- O
HCl O
, O
192 O
mM O
glycine O
20 O
% O
methanol O
and O
0 O
. O
03 O
% O
SDS O
buffer O
. O

Tubes O
were O
centrifuged O
at O
3 O
, O
500 O
g O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
50 O
min O
and O
supernatant O
discarded O
leaving O
approximately O
1 O
. O
5 O
ml O
of O
supernatant O
. O

Plant O
Biotechnol O
J O
15 O
: O
107 O
- O
121 O
1012 O
Guo O
et O
al O
. O

Fungal O
elicitor O
- O
mediated O
response O
in O
pine B-Species
cell O
cultures O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Isolation O
of O
4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
coumarate I-CommonName
Co I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
ligase I-CommonName
gene O
promoter O
from O
loblolly B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
Pinus B-Species
taeda I-Species
) O
and O
characterization O
of O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
activity O
in O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
. O

These O
results O
show O
that O
ROS B-Compound
production O
is O
indeed O
impaired O
in O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
PTs O
as O
expected O
for O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
mutants O
[ O
12 O
] O
. O

Nature O
Reviews O
Molecular O
Cell O
Biology O
15 O
: O
301 O
- O
312 O
. O

We O
also O
acknowledge O
the O
insightful O
reviews O
of O
three O
anonymous O
referees O
. O

Secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
was O
examined O
with O
Populus B-Species
stems B-Location
( O
12th O
internode B-Location
) O
which O
were O
cut O
into O
3 O
mm O
length O
and O
fixed O
in O
FAA O
solution O
( O
formaldehyde O
: O
gla O
- O
cial O
acetic O
acid O
: O
ethanol O
= O
1 O
: O
1 O
: O
18 O
) O
overnight O
. O

Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
GUS O
activity O
Quantitative O
measurement O
of O
GUS O
activity O
was O
performed O
by O
a O
fl O
uorometric O
method O
( O
Jefferson O
et O
al O
. O
, O
1987 O
) O
. O

Warner O
JR O
, O
McIntosh O
KB O
( O
2009 O
) O
How O
common O
are O
extraribosomal O
functions O
of O
ribosomal O
proteins O
? O
Mol O
Cell O
34 O
: O
3 O
- O
11 O
. O

Thin O
sections O
( O
70 O
- O
80 O
nm O
thick O
) O
were O
poststained O
using O
2 O
% O
uranyl O
acetate O
in O
70 O
% O
methanol O
and O
Reynolds O
lead O
citrate O
and O
viewed O
on O
a O
Hitachi O
H7600 O
PC O
- O
TEM O
at O
an O
accelerating O
voltage O
of O
80 O
kV O
. O

Twenty O
- O
one O
days O
after O
infection O
was O
found O
to O
be O
the O
optimal O
time O
to O
calculate O
co O
- O
transformation O
ef O
fi O
ciencies O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

2003 O
; O
Ma O
2010 O
) O
, O
so O
they O
will O
readily O
convert O
CCR B-CommonName
' O
s O
product O
to O
the O
fi O
nal O
H O
, O
G O
or O
S B-Compound
monolignols I-Compound
, O
respectively O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
GL3 B-CommonName
encodes O
a O
bHLH B-CommonName
protein O
that O
regulate O
trichome B-Location
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
through O
interaction O
with O
GL1 B-CommonName
and O
TTG1 B-CommonName
. O

( O
B O
) O
Numbers O
of O
genes O
differentially O
down O
- O
regulated O
( O
> O
2 O
- O
fold O
) O
with O
respect O
to O
wild O
type O
. O

The O
overaccumulation B-Process
of O
ferulate B-Compound
in O
lipophilic B-Compound
polyester I-Compound
significantly O
increased O
the O
tolerance O
of O
transgenic O
plants O
to O
salt O
stress O
treatment O
; O
under O
sub O
- O
lethal O
conditions O
of O
salt O
stress O
, O
the O
ratios O
of O
their O
seed B-Location
germination B-Process
and O
seedling O
establishment O
were O
50 O
% O
higher O
than O
those O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
. O

Our O
data O
indicate O
that O
the O
sorghum B-CommonName
D I-CommonName
gene O
, O
like O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ANAC074 B-CommonName
, O
encodes O
the O
master O
transcription O
factor O
for O
PCD B-Process
. O

There O
was O
signi O
fi O
cant O
difference O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
between O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
growth B-Process
improvement O
of O
PAD4 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
transgenic O
trees O
can O
also O
be O
explained O
, O
at O
least O
by O
signaling O
dependent O
on O
SA B-Compound
, O
and O
its O
lower O
content O
( O
approx O
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
comparison O
was O
between O
the O
two O
genetic O
backgrounds O
, O
P39 O
and O
P717 O
( O
Figure O
5 O
) O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Time O
course O
of O
intracellular O
signal O
for O
tdT O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
and O
YFP O
- O
CESA7 B-CommonName
during O
transition B-Process
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
corre O
- O
sponding O
wild O
- O
type O
gene O
also O
participates O
in O
some O
basic O
processes O
of O
plant O
growth B-Process
. O

Since O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
chain O
has O
a O
rigid O
structure O
, O
which O
makes O
it O
di O
ffi O
cult O
to O
twist O
, O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
chain O
can O
be O
broken O
mainly O
by O
breaking O
its O
glycosidic O
bond O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
The O
evolution O
of O
spinnable O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
entailed O
prolonged O
development B-Process
and O
a O
novel O
metabolism B-Process
. O

* O
For O
correspondence O
( O
e O
- O
mail O
abrunner O
@ O
vt O
. O
edu O
) O
. O

However O
, O
our O
data O
indicate O
that O
there O
is O
a O
brief O
period O
when O
both O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
concurrently O
contribute O
to O
cellulose B-Compound
production B-Process
within O
SCW B-Compound
domains O
. O

These O
results O
indicated O
suppression O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
affected O
cambium B-Location
fusiform I-Location
initial I-Location
cells I-Location
proliferation B-Process
and O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
growth B-Process
, O
resulting O
in O
shorter O
and O
thinner O
stems B-Location
. O

In O
response O
to O
heat O
induction O
of O
FT O
, O
we O
identified O
354 O
DEGs O
( O
Fig O
. O

Thioacidolysis O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
by O
Foster O
et O
al O
. O

For O
this O
pattern O
, O
the O
tran O
- O
scripts O
of O
these O
three O
Aux B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
IAAs I-CommonName
accumulated O
in O
the O
cambial O
zone O
and O
developing O
xylem B-Location
, O
and O
then O
decreased O
towards O
differentiated O
xylem B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
percentage O
of O
wood B-Compound
was O
linked O
to O
10 O
putative O
genes O
, O
cell O
width O
had O
nine O
putative O
genes O
and O
number O
of O
cells O
was O
associated O
with O
six O
genes O
. O

The O
Eucalyptus B-Species
hairy B-Location
root I-Location
system O
developed O
in O
this O
study O
has O
also O
several O
advantages O
as O
compared O
to O
another O
alternative O
method O
called O
' O
induced O
somatic O
sector O
analysis O
' O
or O
' O
ISSA O
' O
, O
previously O
developed O
by O
Spokevicius O
et O
al O
. O

Xylan O
acetylation O
and O
deacetylation O
almost O
cer O
- O
tainly O
occur O
in O
different O
regions O
of O
the O
Golgi O
. O

Experiment O
is O
from O
a O
single O
replication O
. O

NIRS O
can O
be O
used O
to O
develop O
a O
model O
which O
can O
determine O
the O
chemical O
' O
' O
fi O
n O
- O
gerprint O
' O
' O
of O
an O
unknown O
sample O
, O
provided O
a O
set O
of O
measures O
Fig O
. O

As O
a O
biomaterial O
, O
wood B-Compound
varies O
in O
its O
properties O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
our O
results O
suggest O
that O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
regulates O
Al O
resistance O
by O
regulating O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
pectin B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
via O
directly O
binding O
to O
the O
promoter O
of O
WAK1 B-CommonName
and O
induce O
its O
expression O
. O

These O
would O
potentiate O
symplasmic O
transport O
of O
monolignols B-Compound
from O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
to O
developing B-Location
tracheids I-Location
. O

Jensen O
JK O
, O
Johnson O
NR O
, O
Wilkerson O
CG O
. O

Statistical O
analysis O
was O
performed O
using O
one O
- O
way O
ANOVA O
( O
SigmaStat O
) O
after O
having O
checked O
normal O
distribution O
of O
the O
values O
. O

The O
differences O
between O
the O
clones O
were O
not O
statistically O
significant O
( O
P O
= O
0 O
. O
54 O
) O
. O

Images O
were O
processed O
using O
ImageJ O
software O
as O
described O
above O
. O

The O
present O
study O
provides O
a O
detailed O
comparative O
description O
of O
the O
changes O
that O
occur O
in O
genes O
transcription O
and O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
compounds O
during O
xylogenesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
pioneer O
roots B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
. O

21Y O
Up O
Down O
Up O
Down O
Up O
Down O
Metabolic O
process O
0 O
1 O
2 O
1 O
782 O
765 O
Cellular O
process O
0 O
1 O
2 O
0 O
661 O
718 O
Single O
- O
organism O
process O
0 O
1 O
1 O
0 O
601 O
672 O
Response O
to O
stimulus O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
357 O
354 O
Biological O
regulation O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
281 O
278 O
Localization O
0 O
1 O
1 O
0 O
194 O
222 O
Cellular O
component O
organization B-Process
or O
biogenesis B-Process
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
177 O
188 O
Developmental O
process O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
172 O
211 O
Multicellular O
organismal O
process O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
132 O
131 O
Reproductive O
process O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
89 O
102 O
Multi O
- O
organism O
process O
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
59 O
75 O
Signaling O
0 O

0 O
0 O
0 O
53 O
75 O
Growth B-Process
0 O
1 O
0 O
0 O
36 O
62 O
Reproduction O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
28 O
27 O
Immune O
system O
process O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
23 O
28 O
Biological O
adhesion O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
6 O
15 O
Rhythmic O
process O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
3 O
5 O
Biological O
phase O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
2 O
1 O
Locomotion O
0 O
0 O
0 O
0 O
1 O
2 O
profiles O
. O

( O
c O
) O
Root B-Location
morphology O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
after O
one O
- O
week O
treatment O
with O
0 O
( O
left O
) O
, O
0 O
. O
1 O
( O
middle O
) O
and O
1 O
l O
M O
( O
right O
) O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
peptide O
concentrations O
. O

TATA O
, O
TATA O
box O
; O
ERF B-CommonName
, O
ERF B-CommonName
domain O
; O
LB O
, O
left O
border O
. O

In O
order O
to O
identify O
additional O
molecular O
players O
that O
connect O
ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
and O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
we O
enlarged O
our O
network O
analysis O
and O
included O
all O
TFs O
among O
the O
ethylene B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
responsive I-CommonName
genes O
shown O
in O
Figure O
2B O
, O
independent O
of O
their O
TF O
family O
background O
( O
Figure O
6 O
) O
. O

Zhang O
for O
TEM O
and O
SEM O
, O
and O
P O
. O

Many O
WRKY B-CommonName
family O
TFs O
perform O
multiple O
functions O
in O
plants O
[ O
25 O
, O
27 O
, O
55 O
- O
59 O
] O
. O

) O
, O
at O
the O
Tree O
Breeding O
Centre O
of O
Forestry O
and O
Forest O
Products O
Research O
Institute O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
demonstrate O
the O
onset O
of O
SCW B-Compound
production O
is O
accompanied O
by O
signi O
fi O
cant O
proliferation B-Process
in O
the O
number O
of O
Golgi O
stacks O
. O

Ellis O
C O
, O
Karafyllidis O
I O
, O
Wasternack O
C O
, O
Turner O
JG O
( O
2002 O
) O
The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mutant O
cev1 B-CommonName
links O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
signaling O
to O
jasmonate B-Compound
and O
ethylene B-Compound
responses O
. O

Table O
3 O
Functional O
annotation O
of O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
unigenes O
. O

The O
7Y O
, O
15Y O
and O
21Y O
samples O
that O
we O
collected O
represented O
the O
different O
cultivation O
development B-Process
phases O
( O
fast O
growing O
stage O
, O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
stage O
and O
senescence B-Process
stage O
) O
, O
and O
there O
were O
vary O
a O
few O
DEGs O
in O
7Y O
compared O
to O
either O
15Y O
or O
21Y O
. O

This O
study O
also O
showed O
that O
combined O
exogenous O
application O
of O
ACC B-Compound
and O
jasmonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
triggered O
tyloses B-Location
formation B-Process
in O
an O
ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
- O
dependent O
manner O
. O

Total O
RNA O
( O
0 O
. O
2 O
mu O
g O
) O
was O
used O
for O
cDNA O
synthesis B-Process
using O
the O
Thermoscript O
RT O
- O
PCR O
kit O
( O
Invitrogen O
Life O
Technologies O
, O
USA O
) O
. O

The O
reason O
behind O
these O
variations O
is O
unclear O
but O
, O
it O
was O
assumed O
that O
the O
early O
acidification O
of O
the O
medium O
might O
facilitate O
the O
auxin B-Compound
uptake O
thus O
stimulating O
synchronous O
TE B-Location
differentiation B-Process
to O
the O
first O
peak O
whereas O
the O
further O
increase O
of O
pH O
might O
cause O
a O
disturbance O
of O
synchrony O
through O
inhibiting O
the O
differentiation B-Process
in O
a O
part O
of O
the O
TEs B-Location
( O
Roberts O
and O
Haigler O
1994 O
and O
references O
therein O
) O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
in O
addition O
to O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
, O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
also O
plays O
a O
role O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
devel B-Process
- I-Process
opment I-Process
. O

Vegetative O
SAMs B-Location
develop O
nor O
- O
mally O
without O
florigen B-Compound
, O
and O
mutant O
sft B-CommonName
plants O
in O
tomato B-Species
or O
ft O
tsf B-CommonName
plants O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
will O
eventually O
flower B-Location
without O
florigen B-Compound
( O
47 O
) O
. O

c O
Pattern O
3 O
( O
Secondary O
) O
shows O
low O
expression O
in O
younger B-Location
internodes I-Location
and O
increasing O
in O
older B-Location
internodes I-Location
. O

Sequence O
alignment O
and O
phylogenetic O
relationship O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
strand O
of O
cDNA O
was O
syn O
- O
thesized O
from O
total O
RNA O
using O
an O
Omniscript O
Reverse O
Transcription O
Kit O
( O
Qiagen O
) O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
3791 O
/ O
1745 O
Fujioka O
S O
, O
Yokota O
T O
( O
2003 O
) O
Biosynthesis B-Process
and O
metabolism B-Process
of O
brassinosteroids B-Compound
. O

Dry O
weight O
was O
deter O
- O
mined O
after O
drying O
the O
samples O
at O
55 O
deg O
C O
for O
five O
days O
. O

We O
employed O
LTF1 B-CommonName
AA O
- O
3FLAG O
transgenic O
plants O
to O
identify O
LTF1 B-CommonName
- O
interacting O
proteins O
through O
IP O
- O
MS O
analysis O
because O
LTF1 B-CommonName
was O
readily O
degraded O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
protein O
extracts O
( O
Figure O
4 O
) O
. O

Note O
the O
high O
correlation O
of O
signals O
. O

Further O
, O
it O
has O
been O
demon O
- O
strated O
that O
regulation O
of O
sucrose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
can O
alter O
the O
composition O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
( O
Koch O
2004 O
) O
. O

Schmidt O
) O
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O
, O
Kataoka O
et O
al O
. O

The O
results O
showed O
that O
although O
most O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seeds B-Location
germinated O
, O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
was O
severely O
retarded O
on O
solid O
half O
- O
strength O
MS O
medium O
plates O
containing O
DCB O
( O
Fig O
. O

Phenotypic O
analysis O
of O
At4g19370 O
( O
MWL B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
) O
single O
T O
- O
DNA O
knockout O
line O
mutants O
and O
MWL B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
overexpression O
lines O
. O

However O
, O
two O
lines O
of O
evidence O
suggest O
that O
the O
PCD B-Process
- O
inducing O
activity O
of O
D B-CommonName
sub I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
family I-CommonName
proteins O
evolved O
independently O
of O
VNS B-CommonName
subfamily I-CommonName
proteins O
. O

Sequence O
read O
processing O
and O
read O
counts O
were O
determined O
, O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Zinkgraf O
et O
al O
. O

EMBO O
Rep O
5 O
: O
515 O
- O
520 O
Benjamini O
Y O
, O
Hochberg O
Y O
( O
1995 O
) O
Controlling O
the O
false O
discovery O
rate O
: O
a O
practical O
and O
powerful O
approach O
to O
multiple O
testing O
. O

mRNA O
levels O
are O
expressed O
relative O
to O
AtPP2A B-CommonName
. O

Even O
though O
334 O
phenylalanine B-Compound
must O
be O
shunted O
toward O
enhanced O
flavonoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
it O
seems O
that O
335 O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
is O
downregulated O
to O
a O
higher O
extent O
. O

Importantly O
, O
fewer O
genes O
functionally O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
may O
be O
bene O
fi O
cial O
for O
genetic O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
approaches O
to O
alter O
wood B-Compound
traits O
, O
as O
it O
would O
simplify O
CRISPR O
guide O
RNA O
and O
small O
interfering O
RNA O
design O
for O
use O
in O
knockout O
and O
downregulation O
experiments O
. O

The O
relative O
expression O
of O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
showed O
a O
correlation O
with O
the O
cessation O
of O
growth B-Process
in O
rosette B-Location
leaves I-Location
as O
well O
as O
with O
the O
growth B-Process
capacity O
along O
the O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
stem I-Location
. O

Anthers B-Location
and O
young O
sili B-Location
- I-Location
ques I-Location
were O
observed O
with O
binoculars O
( O
Nikon O
SMZ O
10A O
) O
. O

To O
further O
investigate O
PTAL B-CommonName
func O
- O
tion O
, O
we O
performed O
isotopic O
tracing O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosyn O
- O
thesis O
using O
13 O
C O
9 O
labelled O
precursors O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
expressed O
genes O
in O
each O
tripartite O
comparison O
were O
defined O
first O
by O
two O
bipartite O
genotypic O
comparisons O
WT O
/ O
/ O
WT O
vs O
sft B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
and O
sft B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
vs O
SFT B-CommonName
/ O
/ O
sft B-CommonName
and O
subsequently O
by O
3 O
possible O
response O
categories O
: O
Up O
( O
U O
) O
, O
Down O
( O
D O
) O
and O
No O
change O
( O
N O
) O
, O
demanding O
a O
modest O
| O
FC O
> O
= O
1 O
. O
5 O
| O
as O
the O
cutoff O
. O

Both O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
paralogs O
were O
shown O
to O
interact O
with O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
, O
but O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
. I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
displayed O
stronger O
interaction O
ability O
than O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
. I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

A O
single O
individual O
was O
selected O
from O
each O
selected O
family O
to O
maximize O
the O
contrast O
in O
density O
( O
c O
) O
. O

Suberin B-Compound
: O
a O
biopolyester B-Compound
of O
plants O
' O
skin O
. O

Summary O
Wood B-Compound
production O
in O
fast O
- O
growing O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
trees O
is O
highly O
dependent O
on O
both O
potassium O
( O
K O
) O
fertilization O
and O
water O
availability O
but O
the O
molecular O
processes O
underlying O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
response O
to O
the O
combined O
effects O
of O
these O
two O
limiting O
factors O
remain O
unknown O
. O

Transcriptional O
and O
hormonal O
regu O
- O
lation O
of O
gravitropism O
of O
woody O
stems B-Location
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

Molecular O
function O
is O
displayed O
in O
blue O
, O
cellular O
component O
is O
displayed O
in O
green O
and O
biological O
process O
is O
displayed O
in O
red O
. O

Bioinformatics O
23 O
: O
1073 O
- O
79 O
) O
using O
the O
" O
Fast O
Minimum O
Evolution O
" O
method O
. O

rMC9 O
was O
added O
to O
the O
reaction O
mix O
first O
to O
auto O
- O
activate O
at O
room O
temperature O
. O

The O
four O
Arabidopsis B-Species
REDUCED B-CommonName
WALL I-CommonName
ACETYLATION I-CommonName
genes O
are O
expressed O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
containing O
cells O
and O
required O
for O
the O
acetylation B-Process
of O
xylan B-Compound
. O

For O
the O
heat O
map O
and O
the O
gene O
network O
inference O
, O
the O
data O
were O
fi O
ltered O
to O
remove O
lowly O
expressed O
genes O
, O
provided O
that O
they O
did O
not O
have O
10 O
reads O
in O
at O
least O
two O
replicates O
of O
any O
sampling O
. O

Together O
, O
this O
study O
represents O
an O
original O
attempt O
to O
correlate O
molecular O
regulations O
and O
complex O
wood B-Compound
traits O
in O
xylem B-Location
. O

However O
, O
it O
remains O
unclear O
whether O
Populus B-Species
NST B-CommonName
/ O
SNDs B-CommonName
control O
SCW B-Compound
forma B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
in O
other O
types O
of O
cells O
such O
as O
xylem B-Location
ray I-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
. O

The O
GUS O
staining O
was O
performed O
as O
described O
in O
Persson O
et O
al O
. O
, O
( O
2007 O
) O
. O

15 O
% O
, O
compared O
to O
the O
control O
, O
Supplementary O
Figure O
4 O
) O
. O

Poplar B-Species
wood B-Compound
properties O
were O
associated O
with O
chemical O
components O
and O
physical O
structures O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Colors O
from O
blue O
to O
red O
indicated O
that O
functions O
were O
enriched O
more O
significantly O
with O
smaller O
p O
- O
values O
. O

Compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
, O
transgenic O
lines O
overexpressing O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
had O
little O
difference O
before O
four O
weeks O
, O
but O
were O
no O
longer O
able O
to O
remain O
upright O
when O
they O
reached O
heights O
of O
> O
15 O
cm O
, O
possibly O
because O
of O
the O
loss O
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
the O
cells O
of O
the O
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Regulation O
of O
ethylene B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
signaling O
by O
protein B-CommonName
kinases I-CommonName
and O
phosphatases B-CommonName
. O

Sakamoto O
S O
, O
Mitsuda O
N O
( O
2015 O
) O
Reconstitution O
of O
a O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
in O
a O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
de O
fi O
cient O
Arabidopsis B-Species
mutant O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
plants O
: O
from O
genes O
to O
rosettes O
. O

For O
reference O
transcriptome O
sequencing O
, O
different O
samples O
were O
collected O
from O
one O
- O
year O
- O
old O
trees O
at O
3 O
pm O
between O
April O
and O
May O
2014 O
. O

c O
s O
p O
, O
SD O
for O
the O
phenotypic O
trait O
under O
consideration O
. O

The O
results O
of O
the O
run O
- O
on O
experiments O
indi O
- O
cate O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
is O
transcribed O
at O
a O
rate O
3 O
- O
5 O
times O
higher O
in O
xylem B-Location
than O
in O
embryos B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

A O
new O
mathematical O
model O
for O
relative O
quanti O
fi O
cation O
in O
real O
- O
time O
RT O
- O
PCR O
. O

Values O
represent O
mean O
nmoles O
monosaccharide O
normalized O
to O
mg O
of O
seeds B-Location
used O
to O
extract O
mucilage B-Compound
. O

Textural O
and O
compositional O
changes O
of O
green O
and O
white O
asparagus B-Species
spears B-Location
during O
storage O
. O

This O
effect O
was O
especially O
pronounced O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
, O
indi O
- O
cating O
that O
GAs B-Compound
have O
a O
strong O
effect O
on O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
. O

If O
florigen B-Compound
deploys O
similar O
mecha O
- O
nisms O
in O
boosting O
SCWB B-Process
in O
stems B-Location
, O
then O
its O
floral O
antagonists O
would O
be O
expected O
to O
suppress O
SCWB B-Process
. O

a O
Transverse O
sections O
at O
the O
early O
stage O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
for B-Process
- I-Process
mation I-Process
just O
after O
cessation O
of O
internode B-Location
elongation B-Process
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
The O
transcriptional O
repres O
- O
sor O
MYB2 B-CommonName
regulates O
both O
spatial O
and O
temporal O
patterns O
of O
proantho B-Compound
- I-Compound
cyandin I-Compound
and O
anthocyanin B-Compound
pigmentation B-Process
in O
Medicago B-Species
truncatula I-Species
. O

The O
protocol O
included O
a O
step O
of O
in O
- O
column O
genomic O
DNA O
elimination O
. O

While O
in O
the O
matured O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
( O
the O
12th O
cell O
in O
a O
fiber B-Location
file O
) O
, O
PtrCesA3D B-CommonName
- O
suppressed O
plants O
displayed O
a O
similar O
fiber B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
as O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
plant O
( O
Fig O
. O

A O
panel O
of O
14 O
genes O
involved O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
( O
spe O
- O
ci O
fi O
cally O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
) O
were O
selected O
and O
their O
expression O
level O
was O
followed O
by O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Sense O
controls O
for O
TMO6 B-CommonName
and O
LBD4 B-CommonName
RNA O
in O
situ O
hybridization O
. O

C3H B-CommonName
shows O
a O
significant O
increase O
in O
expression O
levels O
between O
Section O
A O
and O
Section O
B O
before O
stabilizing O
in O
Sections O
C O
, O
D O
and O
E O
. O

Our O
results O
provide O
new O
insight O
about O
CWA1 B-CommonName
/ O
BC1 B-CommonName
as O
an O
essential O
factor O
for O
assembly B-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
at O
appropriate O
sites O
spe O
- O
ciWcally O
during O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
rather O
than O
for O
regulation O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

When O
the O
wood B-Compound
was O
fractured O
by O
an O
external O
force O
, O
many O
covalent O
bonds O
and O
non O
- O
covalent O
bonds O
between O
the O
molecules O
were O
fractured O
. O

Promoter O
activity O
was O
visualized O
by O
GUS O
staining O
. O

The O
overlay O
of O
frame O
1 O
( O
green O
) O
on O
frame O
20 O
( O
red O
) O
is O
shown O
. O

Statistics O
= O
separate O
Kruskal O
- O
Wallis O
and O
post O
- O
hoc O
analysis O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

In O
contrast O
to O
unidirectionally O
growing O
cells O
on O
the O
cylindrical O
part O
of O
the O
root B-Location
, O
these O
cells O
are O
located O
on O
the O
tapering O
root B-Location
apex I-Location
and O
therefore O
have O
to O
accommodate O
a O
degree O
of O
radial O
and O
circumferential O
growth B-Process
. O

Location O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
callose B-Compound
in O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
and O
grains B-Location
of O
Nicotiana B-Species
tabacum I-Species
. O

The O
transformed O
mutant O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
strains O
were O
grown O
on O
synthetic O
complete O
medium O
without O
uracil O
( O
SC O
- O
ura O
) O
at O
30 O
deg O
C O
( O
11 O
) O
. O

Plant B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
: O
the O
skeleton O
of O
the O
plant O
world O
. O

We O
therefore O
tested O
the O
effect O
of O
changing O
cellulose B-Compound
anisotropy O
at O
the O
outer O
face O
in O
cells O
which O
had O
transverse O
anisotropic O
arrays O
at O
the O
inner O
anticlinal O
and O
periclinal O
longitudinal O
face O
( O
Figure O
2A O
, O
middle O
) O
. O

Data O
are O
representative O
of O
three O
experiments O
with O
more O
than O
150 O
pollen B-Location
for O
each O
genotype O
. O

5 O
, O
yellow O
and O
green O
fi O
lled O
circles O
) O
, O
where O
almost O
all O
samples O
from O
the O
basal O
stem B-Location
regions O
were O
located O
. O

Guilleminot O
for O
her O
precious O
help O
with O
microscopic O
analysis O
and O
F O
. O

The O
resulting O
GFP O
fusion O
construct O
was O
in O
fi O
ltrated O
into O
a O
tobacco O
leaf O
by O
an O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
in O
fi O
ltration O
method O
( O
Rouyi O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2014 O
) O
. O

2 O
Conservation O
analysis O
of O
common O
miRNAs O
between O
two O
tree O
species O
. O

To O
our O
surprise O
, O
the O
histochemical O
GUS O
assay O
showed O
that O
none O
of O
those O
stimuli O
in O
fl O
uenced O
the O
activity O
of O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
pro O
- O
moter O
( O
Figs O
. O

Journal O
of O
Integrative O
Plant O
Biology O
52 O
, O
17 O
- O
27 O
. O

For O
the O
switchgrass B-Species
field O
trial O
: O
there O
were O
12 O
separate O
plants O
( O
ramets O
) O
for O
each O
transgenic O
event O
arranged O
in O
3 O
plots O
with O
4 O
pseudoreplicates O
per O
plot O
. O

5A O
) O
, O
consistent O
with O
the O
ability O
of O
Kratos B-CommonName
to O
restrict O
ectopic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

These O
fluctuations O
contribute O
to O
make O
the O
expression O
changes O
not O
significant O
. O

Signi O
fi O
cance O
was O
determined O
by O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
of O
values O
of O
wild O
type O
and O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
. O

Ca B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
+ I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
dependent I-CommonName
DNases I-CommonName
in O
Secondary B-Location
Xylem I-Location
Development B-Process
461 O
Figure O
5 O
. O

Coniferyl B-Compound
aldehyde I-Compound
5 B-Process
- I-Process
hydroxylation I-Process
and O
methylation B-Process
direct O
syringyl B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
angiosperms O
. O

Thus O
, O
engi O
- O
neering O
certain O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
characteristics O
into O
xylem B-Location
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
walls I-Compound
would O
be O
interesting O
to O
readily O
exploit O
biomass O
for O
industrial O
processing O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
OsGAUT4 B-CommonName
in O
rice B-Species
WT O
was O
set O
to O
1 O
and O
actin O
was O
used O
as O
a O
reference O
gene O
. O

Plant O
Sci O
168 O
: O
1157 O
- O
1162 O
800 O
Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
( O
2009 O
) O
28 O
: O
787 O
- O
800 O
123 O
29 O
SUPPLEMENTARY O
DATA O
Table O
1 O
supplementary O
data O
. O

Combining O
multiset O
resolution O
and O
segmentation O
for O
hyperspectral O
image O
analysis O
of O
biological O
tissues O
. O

However O
, O
the O
number O
of O
introns O
was O
conserved O
in O
the O
members O
that O
had O
relatively O
closed O
evolutionary O
relationship O
. O

c O
Amounts O
of O
each O
component O
in O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
are O
expressed O
as O
proportions O
relative O
to O
those O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
taken O
as O
100 O
% O
. O

Searching O
1500 O
bp O
regions O
upstream O
of O
the O
transcriptional O
start O
site O
in O
SWNs B-CommonName
, O
almost O
all O
promoters O
contain O
the O
elements O
found O
in O
the O
short O
promoter O
fragment O
, O
at O
roughly O
the O
same O
rate O
of O
incidence O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
pellet O
was O
treated O
with O
4 O
M O
KOH O
containing O
20 O
mM O
NaBH O
4 O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
2 O
h O
and O
centrifuged O
for O
5 O
min O
at O
17 O
, O
400g O
. O

Compared O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stem B-Location
development B-Process
[ O
3 O
] O
, O
maize B-Species
members O
of O
the O
same O
gene O
families O
are O
represented O
but O
the O
specific O
homologs O
expressed O
are O
not O
necessarily O
the O
most O
similar O
in O
sequence O
. O

Hospital O
user O
on O
28 O
February O
2020 O
1010 O
| O
Alabdallah O
et O
al O
. O

Biosynthesis B-Process
of O
the O
aromatic O
amino O
32 O
acid O
phenylalanine B-Compound
provides O
precursors O
for O
many O
secondary O
metabolites O
including O
33 O
lignins B-Compound
and O
flavonoids B-Compound
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
type O
I O
metacaspases B-CommonName
control O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
the O
SCWs B-Compound
in O
cotton B-Species
stem B-Location
xylem I-Location
are O
more O
likely O
to O
be O
similar O
to O
those O
in O
other O
plants O
. O

S8 O
Seventy O
percent O
of O
genes O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
xylan B-Compound
modification B-Process
were O
found O
to O
have O
at O
least O
one O
trans O
- O
eQTL O
affecting O
its O
expression O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Functional O
domain O
prediction O
of O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
by O
InterProScan O
Sequence O
Search O
. O

This O
article O
is O
a O
U O
. O
S O
. O

The O
open O
reading O
frame O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
described O
above O
was O
cloned O
in O
frame O
after O
transcriptional O
activation O
domain O
of O
yeast O
GAL4 O
TF O
( O
without O
DNA O
- O
binding O
domain O
) O
in O
pGADT7 O
. O

Primers O
were O
checked O
by O
BLAST O
against O
all O
arabidopsis B-Species
genes O
at O
TAIR O
to O
ensure O
that O
they O
targeted O
one O
CesA B-CommonName
gene O
. O

TEM O
using O
immu O
- O
nogold O
confirmed O
that O
the O
homogalacturonan B-Compound
epitope O
was O
present O
in O
the O
cell O
corners O
and O
, O
to O
some O
extent O
, O
in O
the O
middle O
lamella O
of O
both O
TW B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

Similar O
decrease O
in O
FITC O
fl O
uorescence O
signal O
was O
observed O
in O
RNAi O
lines O
of O
tobacco B-Species
for O
gene O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
susceptibility O
of O
primary O
CesAs B-CommonName
to O
exogenous O
stresses O
is O
a O
known O
feature O
: O
the O
A B-Species
. I-Species

CSLDs B-CommonName
are O
most O
closely O
related O
to O
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
Supplemental O
Figure O
8 O
. O

Transcriptome O
analysis O
of O
distinct O
Lindera B-Species
glauca I-Species
tissues O
revealed O
the O
differences O
in O
the O
unigenes O
related O
to O
terpenoid B-Compound
biosyn B-Process
- I-Process
thesis I-Process
. O

A O
359 O
bp O
fragment O
from O
the O
exons O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
was O
inserted O
into O
the O
pUCCRNAi O
vector O
in O
an O
inverted O
repeat O
orientation O
( O
primers O
in O
Supporting O
Information O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Seven O
- O
day O
- O
old O
etiolated O
seedlings O
grown O
on O
MS O
media O
, O
or O
on O
MS O
media O
supplemented O
with O
indicated O
concentrations O
of O
oryzalin O
. O

Protein O
concentrations O
were O
determined O
using O
the O
Bradford O
method O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
was O
revealed O
by O
Wiesner O
stain O
- O
ing O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
bundles O
of O
WT O
and O
transgenic O
stems B-Location
. O

We O
therefore O
include O
genes O
from O
clusters O
5 O
, O
8 O
and O
10 O
in O
our O
further O
analysis O
. O

When O
cisternae O
are O
sectioned O
through O
fenestrated O
regions O
( O
H O
) O
the O
fenestrations O
often O
appear O
as O
gaps O
across O
the O
entire O
length O
of O
the O
cisternal O
lection O
. O

Expression O
of O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
in O
the O
nst1nst3 O
background O
did O
not O
rescue O
the O
autofluorescence O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
of O
the O
double O
mutant O
, O
and O
the O
complemented O
lines O
were O
pendent O
re O
- O
sembling O
the O
double O
mutant O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

WBD O
is O
one O
of O
the O
most O
important O
indicator O
for O
wood B-Compound
quality O
as O
well O
as O
for O
kraft O
pulp O
yield O
for O
Japanese O
pulp O
and O
paper O
industries O
that O
import O
wood B-Compound
chips O
from O
abroad O
. O

The O
reduced O
SA B-Compound
content O
( O
ap O
- O
prox O
. O

Conversely O
, O
a O
lack O
of O
florigen B-Compound
promotes O
leaf B-Location
complexity O
and O
radial O
expansion B-Process
of O
stems B-Location
( O
5 O
, O
9 O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
animal O
systems O
, O
the O
apoptotic O
bodies O
are O
removed O
through O
phagocytosis O
by O
adjacent O
cells O
- O
a O
process O
not O
existing O
in O
plants O
. O

In O
this O
case O
, O
the O
mode O
of O
gene O
action O
seems O
additive O
, O
with O
the O
minor O
allele O
( O
A O
) O
conferring O
a O
lower O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
higher O
values O
in O
a B-Compound
- I-Compound
cellulose I-Compound
and O
H O
( O
Table O
3 O
) O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
proteins O
, O
VND1 B-CommonName
to O
VND5 B-CommonName
, O
are O
transcriptional O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
vessels B-Location
. O

Biochemical O
properties O
of O
the O
xylan B-CommonName
XylT I-CommonName
activity O
in O
microsomes O
from O
garden O
asparagus B-Species
spears B-Location
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
The O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
R2R3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
transcription O
fac O
- O
tor O
family O
: O
evidence O
for O
woody O
growth B-Process
- O
related O
evolution O
and O
function O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Measurement O
of O
in O
fl O
orescence O
stem B-Location
heights O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
various O
mutant O
plants O
at O
different O
time O
points O
. O

mangium I-Species
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
BIG B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
ubiquitin I-CommonName
ligase I-CommonName
gene O
located O
at O
chromosome O
3 O
( O
E O
- O
value O
= O
0 O
) O
as O
showed O
in O
GBrowse O
; O
B O
) O
Proportion O
of O
filtered O
reads O
mapped O
to O
Acacia B-Species
transcriptomes O
and O
other O
genomes O
. O

The O
bars O
represent O
the O
percentage O
of O
yeast O
colonies O
grown O
after O
4 O
days O
on O
selective O
medium O
at O
30 O
C O
, O
growth B-Process
indicates O
interaction O
of O
bait O
and O
prey O
proteins O
. O

PLoS O
One O
6 O
: O
e28069 O
Reiter O
WD O
( O
2002 O
) O
Biosynthesis B-Process
and O
properties O
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Node O
sizes O
of O
EMs O
and O
hotspot O
loci O
represent O
number O
of O
genes O
and O
are O
transformed O
to O
facilitate O
clarity O
. O

columns O
B O
- O
D O
show O
the O
sum O
of O
mean O
normalized O
DESeq2 O
expression O
values O
for O
WT O
, O
sft B-CommonName
mutant O
and O
pSFT O
- O
SFT B-CommonName
overexpression O
. O

These O
results O
provide O
valuable O
insight O
about O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
cataly O
- O
sis O
and O
should O
aid O
industrial O
processes O
that O
use O
plant O
laccases B-CommonName
. O

The O
position O
of O
the O
start O
codon O
( O
ATG O
) O
of O
CEP1 B-CommonName
/ O
AT5G50260 B-CommonName
is O
numbered O
as O
+ O
1 O
. O

The O
variance O
of O
the O
[ O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
] O
tip O
is O
significantly O
elevated O
in O
mutant O
PTs O
compared O
to O
the O
WT O
( O
p O
= O
2 O
. O
8N10 O
210 O
; O
Wilcoxon O
sum O
rank O
test O
) O
. O

A O
comparison O
of O
the O
activity O
, O
sequence O
specificity O
, O
and O
CRM1 B-CommonName
- O
dependence O
of O
different O
nuclear O
export O
signals O
. O

List O
of O
74 O
, O
402 O
unigenes O
against O
five O
public O
database O
. O

Functional O
classification O
To O
functionally O
categorize O
A B-Species
. I-Species

In O
addition O
, O
the O
application O
of O
DPI O
at O
higher O
concentrations O
has O
also O
been O
reported O
to O
induce O
PT O
rupture O
in O
lily B-Species
[ O
22 O
] O
. O

Plasmid O
DNA O
carrying O
the O
ORF O
of O
the O
respective O
maize B-Species
RF2C B-CommonName
, O
RF2D B-CommonName
, O
COMT1 B-CommonName
, O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
and O
CCoAOMT2 B-CommonName
genes O
was O
used O
as O
a O
template O
for O
a O
calibration O
curve O
to O
determine O
the O
PCR O
efficiencies O
of O
designed O
probes O
and O
primer O
pairs O
as O
well O
as O
to O
verify O
their O
specificity O
. O

The O
reduced O
cel B-Compound
- I-Compound
lulose I-Compound
content O
is O
another O
important O
defect O
resulting O
from O
the O
bc14 B-CommonName
mutation O
. O

GFP O
fluorescence O
was O
observed O
via O
confocal O
laser O
scanning O
microscopy O
( O
LSM710 O
: O
Karl O
Zeiss O
) O
. O

The O
present O
results O
provide O
a O
mechanistic O
explanation O
for O
the O
latter O
hypothesis O
. O

As O
described O
by O
Hillis O
( O
1987 O
) O
, O
parenchyma B-Location
cells I-Location
die O
when O
HW B-Compound
forms O
and O
the O
polyphenols B-Compound
diffuse O
into O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Scanning O
electron O
microscopy O
( O
SEM O
) O
revealed O
that O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
were O
thinner O
in O
MYB6 B-CommonName
overexpression O
lines O
( O
Figure O
3h O
) O
than O
those O
of O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
control O
( O
Figure O
3d O
) O
. O

The O
transcript O
level O
of O
WOX4 B-CommonName
was O
higher O
in O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
nac048 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
indicating O
enhanced O
TDIF B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

( O
b O
, O
c O
) O
Broth O
weight O
loss O
( O
Fermentation O
gas O
release O
) O
( O
b O
) O
and O
ethanol O
yield O
( O
c O
) O
during O
simultaneous O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
and O
fermentation O
of O
the O
pretreated O
and O
untreated O
control O
and O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgenic O
woods B-Compound
. O

Author O
contributions O
WX O
and O
DS O
carried O
out O
the O
experiments O
, O
contributing O
equally O
to O
this O
work O
, O
JYS O
performed O
transformation O
and O
grew O
Populus B-Species
trees O
, O
JHS O
carried O
out O
part O
of O
the O
experiments O
. O

The O
resulting O
effector O
and O
reporter O
constructs O
were O
pairwise O
co O
- O
transfected O
protoplasts O
prepared O
with O
4 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
Arabidopsis B-Species
rosette B-Location
leaves I-Location
. O

Cu O
availability O
also O
in O
fl O
uences O
the O
stem B-Location
photosynthetic O
me B-Process
- I-Process
tabolism I-Process
. O

The O
high O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
rice B-Species
straw B-Location
was O
the O
major O
cause O
of O
slow O
decomposition B-Process
( O
Tian O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Evolutionary O
history O
of O
the O
grasses B-Species
. O

Mobility O
of O
monolignols B-Compound
in O
the O
apo O
- O
plast O
: O
Fluorescently O
tagged O
monolignols B-Compound
are O
speci O
fi O
cally O
incorporated O
into O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
induced O
protoxylem B-Location
TEs I-Location
. O

Predicting O
the O
chemical O
composition O
of O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
and O
core O
fraction O
of O
hemp B-Species
( O
Cannabis B-Species
sativa I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
. O

Lines O
marked O
with O
an O
asterisk O
( O
* O
) O
resulted O
from O
a O
comparison O
with O
a O
54 O
discarded O
sample O
. O

Preparation O
of O
microsomal O
membranes O
Microsomes O
were O
isolated O
from O
Asparagus B-Species
spears B-Location
following O
the O
procedure O
of O
Zeng O
et O
al O
. O

Heat O
stress O
caused O
clear O
decreases O
in O
transcription O
levels O
of O
GhRbohK B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1A I-CommonName
and O
GhRbohK B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1D I-CommonName
but O
enhancements O
in O
expression O
levels O
of O
GhRbohF B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2A I-CommonName
( O
Figs O
. O

The O
resultant O
products O
were O
separated O
on O
SDS O
- O
PAGE O
gel O
and O
then O
stained O
with O
Coomassie O
brilliant O
blue O
. O

Glycan B-Compound
microarrays O
Microarray O
analyses O
were O
carried O
out O
essentially O
as O
described O
by O
Moller O
et O
al O
. O

Manipulation O
of O
guaiacyl B-Compound
and O
Syringyl B-Compound
monomer O
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
an O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
mutant O
results O
in O
atypical O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
modi O
fi O
ed O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
. O

PE O
2 O
x O
72 O
bp O
sequences O
were O
generated O
on O
Illumina O
genome O
analyzer O
IIx O
following O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instructions O
. O

The O
Zn O
2 O
+ O
binding O
domains O
are O
identical O
among O
all O
protein O
sequences O
included O
in O
this O
study O
, O
however O
, O
the O
NADPH O
binding O
site O
is O
slightly O
altered O
in O
members O
of O
monocot O
clades O
2 O
and O
3 O
( O
pos O
. O

The O
expression O
pattern O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
is O
inconsistent O
with O
that O
of O
AtWRKY12 B-CommonName
which O
has O
expression O
in O
pith B-Location
and O
cortex B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
stem B-Location
and O
hypocotyls B-Location
, O
but O
not O
in O
roots B-Location
or O
fl B-Location
oral I-Location
tissues I-Location
[ O
14 O
] O
. O

D O
to O
G O
show O
the O
effects O
of O
LMB O
on O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
localization O
. O

Sequencing O
data O
were O
deposited O
in O
the O
Gene O
Expression O
Omnibus O
( O
GEO O
) O
database O
( O
accession O
no O
. O

Plant O
material O
and O
growth O
conditions O
The O
Col0 O
ecotype O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
was O
used O
as O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
strain O
. O

Alteration O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharides O
. O

Boerjan O
, O
Caffeoyl B-CommonName
shikimate I-CommonName
esterase I-CommonName
( O
CSE B-CommonName
) O
is O
an O
enzyme O
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

However O
, O
these O
data O
do O
not O
allow O
for O
a O
separate O
study O
on O
gene O
expression O
of O
different O
cell O
types O
present O
in O
spruce B-Species
xylem B-Location
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

This O
stationary O
signal O
followed O
by O
slow O
steady O
movement O
( O
280 O
+ O
- O
30 O
nm O
/ O
min O
, O
n O
= O
16 O
particles O
) O
fits O
the O
criterion O
for O
an O
insertion O
event O
of O
multiple O
CSCs O
into O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
, O
as O
defined O
for O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSCs O
( O
10 O
) O
. O

Friml O
, O
Emergence O
of O
tissue O
polarization B-Process
from O
synergy O
of O
intracellular O
and O
extracellular O
auxin B-Compound
signaling O
, O
Mol O
. O

Although O
the O
native O
promoter O
drove O
expression O
in O
the O
appropri O
- O
ate O
cell O
type O
, O
imaging O
the O
tagged O
proteins O
in O
these O
cells O
demonstrated O
the O
typical O
low O
resolution O
associated O
with O
imaging O
native O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
deep O
in O
an O
or O
- O
gan O
. O

Promoter O
analysis O
of O
PALs B-CommonName
in O
pear B-Species
To O
further O
understand O
the O
regulation O
mechanism O
of O
PbPALs B-CommonName
expression O
, O
we O
predicted O
possible O
cis O
- O
acting O
elements O
using O
PLANT O
CARE O
online O
software O
( O
Table O
S5 O
and O
Fig O
. O

Notably O
, O
the O
amount O
of O
G O
subunits O
was O
also O
increased O
in O
the O
p35S O
: O
: O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
lines O
, O
reducing O
the O
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

CesA B-CommonName
genes O
and O
their O
chromosomal O
locations O
in O
hexaploid O
wheat B-Species
. O

LTF1 B-CommonName
was O
detected O
with O
the O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
antibody O
( O
Abmart O
) O
. O

The O
activity O
is O
shown O
in O
dpm O
, O
where O
the O
maximal O
activity O
determined O
for O
Col O
- O
0 O
is O
about O
400 O
dpm O
corresponding O
to O
0 O
. O
15 O
nmol O
GlcA O
incorporated O
per O
mg O
of O
protein O
. O

Analysis O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX9 B-CommonName
/ O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
and O
IRX14 B-CommonName
/ O
IRX14 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
pairs O
of O
glycosyltransferase B-CommonName
genes O
reveals O
critical O
contributions O
to O
bio B-Process
- I-Process
synthesis I-Process
of O
the O
hemicellulose B-Compound
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
. O

Considering O
the O
specific O
role O
of O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
in O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
analyzed O
in O
the O
wood B-Compound
, O
bark B-Location
( O
includ O
- O
ing O
phloem B-Location
fibers I-Location
) O
and O
leaf B-Location
( O
major O
veins O
were O
removed O
) O
. O

Sponge O
RNAs O
contain O
miRNA O
binding O
sites O
, O
and O
regulate O
the O
expression O
of O
corresponding O
genes O
by O
competing O
for O
interactions O
with O
miRNA O
. O

FIGURE O
5 O
| O
Correlation O
analysis O
between O
morphological O
parameters O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
traits O
. O

1a O
) O
in O
order O
to O
have O
enough O
protein O
suitable O
to O
per O
- O
form O
the O
ChIP O
- O
Seq O
assay O
. O

The O
increased O
plant O
height O
and O
stem B-Location
diameter O
of O
poplar B-Species
transgenic O
lines O
continued O
Nature O
Biotechnology O
: O
doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1038 O
/ O
nbt O
. O
4067 O
2 O
throughout O
the O
9 O
- O
month O
growth B-Process
period O
and O
was O
inversely O
correlated O
with O
GAUT4 B-CommonName
transcript O
levels O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

TMO6 B-CommonName
and O
WOX14 B-CommonName
were O
predicted O
to O
bind O
to O
and O
regulate O
LBD4 B-CommonName
( O
Figure O
1B O
; O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
2 O
) O
. O

A O
rapid O
and O
sensitive O
method O
for O
the O
quantitation O
of O
microgram O
quantities O
of O
protein O
utilizing O
the O
principle O
of O
protein O
- O
dye O
binding O
. O

xylem9 O
: O
Implications O
for O
the O
complexity O
of O
glucuronoxylan O
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Node O
size O
is O
proportional O
to O
the O
number O
of O
genes O
found O
within O
GO O
categories O
. O

Biochemistry O
and O
molecular O
biology O
of O
plant O
hormones O
. O

PrMADS10 B-CommonName
is O
differentially O
- O
expressed O
in O
inclined O
pine B-Species
stems B-Location
29 O
, O
and O
could O
modulate O
the O
expression O
of O
a O
series O
of O
genes O
. O

We O
further O
analyzed O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
of O
bsh1 B-CommonName
and O
WT O
sheaths O
at O
6 O
- O
week O
- O
stage O
. O

Using O
high O
spatiotemporal O
resolution O
live O
cell O
imaging O
, O
we O
found O
that O
inhibiting O
the O
catalytic O
activity O
of O
CESA6 B-CommonName
by O
ES20 O
treatment O
reduced O
the O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
CSC O
transport O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

Table O
S7 O
| O
Signi O
fi O
cant O
haplotypes O
from O
three O
candidate O
genes O
associated O
with O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
the O
association O
population O
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
investigation O
was O
trigged O
by O
the O
observation O
that O
some O
trees O
broke O
the O
unfavourable O
negative O
correlation O
of O
the O
trait O
MI O
which O
is O
between O
density O
and O
growth B-Process
. O

Distribution O
of O
nonstructural O
carbohydrates O
and O
wood B-Compound
extractives O
across O
the O
trunk O
. O

Downregulation O
of O
ovule B-Location
- O
specific O
MADS O
box O
genes O
from O
petunia O
results O
in O
maternally O
controlled O
defects O
in O
seed B-Location
development B-Process
. O

2011 O
) O
, O
and O
salicylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
Gidrol O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2017 O
) O
AspWood O
: O
high O
- O
spatial O
- O
resolution O
transcriptome O
pro O
fi O
les O
reveal O
uncharacterized O
modularity O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
tremula I-Species
. O

REVIGO O
Treemaps O
of O
500 O
most O
highly O
expressed O
genes O
in O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

We O
aimed O
to O
further O
characterize O
the O
position O
and O
regulatory O
role O
of O
SND2 B-CommonName
in O
the O
fibre B-Location
SCW B-Compound
transcriptional O
network O
, O
and O
confirm O
the O
phenotypic O
effects O
of O
SND2 B-CommonName
overexpression O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
Eucalyptus B-Species
plants O
. O

Confocal O
microscopy O
analysis O
and O
imaging O
Fuchsin O
staining O
of O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
was O
carried O
out O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
M O
a O
h O
o O
nen O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2000 O
) O
. O

Final O
GUS O
activity O
values O
were O
recorded O
as O
pmoles O
MU O
/ O
min O
/ O
mg O
protein O
. O

* O
: O
* O
: O
* O
: O
* O
* O
* O
: O
: O
: O
: O
: O
AthCAD4 O
PKQMKDAMGTMDGIIDTVSATHPLLPLLGLLKNKGKLVMVGAPAEPLELPVFPLIFGRKM O
293 O
AthCAD5 O
PKQIKDAMGTMDGIIDTVSATHSLLPLLGLLKHKGKLVMVGAPEKPLELPVMPLIFERKM O
293 O
AmCAD2 O

RDQMQVRPXXXXXIIDTVSALHPLLPLIASLKSQGKLVMVGVPEKPLELPVFPLLMGRKL O
258 O
AthCAD3 O
EDQMKAAMGTMDGIIDTVSASHSISPLIGLLKSNGKLVLLGATEKPFDISAFSLILGRKS O
298 O
AthCAD7 O

SQKMKEAVGTMDFIIDTVSAEHALLPLFSLLKVNGKLVALGLPEKPLDLPIFSLVLGRKM O
293 O
AthCAD8 O
SQKMKEAVGTMDFIIDTVSAEHALLPLFSLLKVSGKLVALGLLEKPLDLPIFPLVLGRKM O
292 O
AthCAD1 O

PQKMKAAIGTMDYIIDTISAVHALYPLLGLLKVNGKLIALGLPEKPLELPMFPLVLGRKM O
297 O
AaCAD1 O
ETQMQKIADSLDYIIDTVPVGHPLEPYLSLLKIDGKLILMGVINTPLQFVSPMVMLGRKT O
294 O
AmCAD1 O

ETQMQKIADSLDYIIDTVPVGHPLEPYLSLLKIDGKLILMGVINTPLQFVSPMVMLGRKT O
294 O
AthCAD2 O
PAEMQRLADSLDYIIDTVPVFHPLDPYLACLKLDGKLILMGVINTPLQFVTPLVILGRKV O
295 O
AthCAD6 O

QAKMSELADSLDYVIDTVPVHHALEPYLSLLKLDGKLILMGVINNPLQFLTPLLMLGRKV O
294 O
AaCAD3 O
QDQMXALARSFDFIVDTASGDHPFDPYMSLLKTSGVLTLVGFP O
- O
SEVKFSPASLNLGMKT O
177 O
AthCAD9 O
HDQMKALEKSLDFLVDTASGDHAFDPYMSLLKIAGTYVLVGFP O
- O

SEIKISPANLNLGMRM O
294 O
: O
: O
: O
: O
* O
* O
. O

The O
pellet O
was O
washed O
twice O
with O
water O
and O
acetone O
, O
and O
left O
to O
dry O
at O
45 O
deg O
C O
. O

Conclusions O
: O
This O
study O
provides O
a O
useful O
transcriptome O
and O
expression O
resource O
for O
understanding O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
, O
which O
is O
pivotal O
to O
enhance O
biomass O
production O
in O
legumes B-Species
. O

( O
E O
) O
Comparison O
of O
LAC4 B-CommonName
- O
mCHERRY O
and O
sec O
- O
mCHERRY O
mobility O
in O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
1CW B-Compound
) O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
2CW B-Compound
) O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
ANAC075 B-CommonName
restored O
the O
pendent O
phenotype O
of O
the O
nst1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
nst3 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
double O
mutant O
without O
fusion O
to O
the O
VP16 O
domain O
. O

Two O
types O
of O
initials O
were O
clearly O
distinguishable O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
zone O
, O
the O
axially O
elongated O
fusiform B-Location
cambial I-Location
cells I-Location
( O
FCC B-Location
) O
, O
and O
the O
radial B-Location
ray I-Location
cambial I-Location
cells I-Location
( O
RCC B-Location
) O
. O

Therefore O
, O
this O
could O
have O
also O
contributed O
to O
the O
small O
effect O
sizes O
detected O
in O
our O
study O
as O
we O
fi O
ltered O
SNPs O
with O
low O
minor O
allele O
frequencies O
( O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
MAF O
) O
. O

) O
: O
Changes O
in O
dietary O
fiber B-Location
( O
nonstarch O
polysaccha O
- O
rides O
) O
. O

In O
: O
Pa O
- O
terson O
AH O
, O
ed O
. O

The O
material O
mounted O
in O
50 O
% O
glycerol O
was O
analysed O
with O
an O
Olympus O
BX51 O
microscope O
and O
10x O
objective O
equipped O
with O
a O
Nikon O
Digital O
Sight O
DS O
- O
SM O
camera O
. O

( O
h O
) O
Normalized O
diffraction O
intensity O
along O
the O
equatorial O
direction O
after O
subtraction O
of O
CRAFS O
- O
resolved O
background O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Characterization O
of O
hydroxycin B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
namoyl I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
coenzyme I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
shikimate I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyltransferase I-CommonName
from O
Populus B-Species
euramericana I-Species
. O

Constructs O
of O
PtrMYB52 B-CommonName
with O
an O
HA O
tag O
at O
its O
N O
- O
terminus O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
35S O
and O
PtrCesA8 B-CommonName
promoters O
were O
made O
and O
transformed O
into O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS O
We O
thank O
Professors O
Ronald O
R O
. O

Constructs O
for O
full O
- O
size O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
and O
GFP O
fusion O
protein O
were O
prepared O
to O
examine O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
each O
of O
these O
proteins O
. O

For O
example O
, O
bc1 B-CommonName
showed O
brittleness O
in O
culm B-Location
and O
fl B-Location
ag I-Location
leaf I-Location
and O
brittleness O
of O
bc3 B-CommonName
and O
bc6 B-CommonName
was O
observed O
in O
culm B-Location
and O
that O
of O
bc5 B-CommonName
was O
in O
stem B-Location
node I-Location
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Gene O
487 O
: O
62 O
- O
71 O
Ma O
JF O
( O
2004 O
) O
Role O
of O
silicon O
in O
enhancing O
the O
resistance O
of O
plant O
to O
biotic O
and O
abiotic O
stress O
. O

The O
genes O
with O
no O
or O
low O
expression O
were O
fi O
ltered O
out O
, O
and O
only O
the O
genes O
with O
an O
expression O
value O
> O
5 O
were O
kept O
. O

The O
first O
65 O
amino O
acid O
residues O
in O
N O
- O
terminal O
are O
inserted O
to O
the O
60S O
subunit O
of O
Ribosome O
. O

Price O
MN O
, O
Dehal O
PS O
, O
Arkin O
AP O
. O

No O
distinct O
boundaries O
occurred O
between O
the O
thin O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
layer O
and O
amorphous O
bulky O
struc O
- O
tures O
( O
Figs O
. O

Since O
Fe O
and O
Cu O
play O
an O
essential O
role O
in O
chloroplast O
metabolism O
( O
Ravet O
and O
Pilon O
2013 O
) O
, O
it O
is O
ultimately O
not O
surprising O
that O
the O
modulation O
of O
Cu O
( O
from O
de O
fi O
ciency O
to O
excess O
) O
in O
fl O
uenced O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
many O
chloroplast O
- O
localized O
proteins O
. O

We O
also O
iden O
- O
tified O
several O
new O
motifs O
specific O
to O
monocots O
or O
dicots O
. O

Moreover O
, O
down O
- O
regulation O
of O
a O
pollen B-Location
- O
expressed O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
and O
application O
of O
ROS B-Compound
scavengers O
inhibit O
PT O
growth B-Process
in O
tobacco B-Species
[ O
21 O
] O
. O

1384 O
expressing O
the O
reporter O
gene O
GUS O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
EgCCR1 B-CommonName
or O
the O
EgCAD2 B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

For O
simplicity O
of O
comparison O
, O
we O
averaged O
the O
elongation B-Process
- O
related O
Internodes B-Location
6 O
and O
7 O
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
rich O
Internodes B-Location
4 O
and O
5 O
for O
each O
genotype O
. O

The O
position O
of O
an O
eigen O
- O
eQTL O
is O
indicated O
in O
the O
innermost O
track O
, O
with O
colouring O
corresponding O
to O
the O
EM O
. O

Besides O
increasing O
accuracy O
of O
selection O
at O
the O
indi O
- O
vidual O
level O
for O
low O
heritability O
traits O
, O
efficiency O
could O
be O
significantly O
improved O
by O
decreasing O
the O
generation O
interval O
. O

Bulk O
segregant O
analysis O
( O
BSA O
) O
: O
The O
DNA O
pooling O
tech O
- O
nique O
originally O
proposed O
by O
ARNHEIM O
et O
al O
. O

The O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
antibody O
was O
raised O
against O
the O
peptide O
FEEEDDDDEDDMAAE O
and O
RPL15 B-CommonName
against O
VLGKGHLPENKPFVV O
by O
the O
Tianjin O
Saie O
Biology O
Technology O
Company O
( O
Tianjin O
, O
China O
. O

Functional O
diversity O
inside O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
polyamine B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
gene O
family O
. O

Nelson O
BK O
, O
Cai O
X O
, O
Nebenf O
u O
hr O
A O
( O
2007 O
) O
A O
multicolored O
set O
of O
in O
vivo O
organelle O
markers O
for O
co O
- O
localization O
studies O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
other O
plants O
. O

A O
role O
for O
glutathione B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
functioning O
as O
. O

After O
amplification O
, O
RNA O
was O
reversely O
transcribed O
into O
cDNAs O
which O
were O
then O
used O
for O
gene O
expression O
analysis O
as O
described O
( O
Song O
et O
al O
. O

Obtained O
PCR O
fragments O
from O
both O
plants O
were O
sequenced O
directly O
with O
the O
appropriate O
primers O
. O

2 O
. O
4 O
| O
Matrix O
monosaccharide O
composition O
and O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
The O
AIR O
( O
4 O
mg O
) O
was O
hydrolyzed O
with O
500 O
mu O
l O
of O
2 O
M O
trifluoroacetic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
TFA O
) O
at O
100 O
deg O
C O
for O
4 O
h O
, O
under O
oxygen O
- O
free O
condition O
. O

Stem B-Location
- O
specific O
expression O
of O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
transcripts O
in O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plants O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Quantitative O
determination O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
hemcellulose B-Compound
and O
pectin B-Compound
contents O
in O
transgenic O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
and O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
SRDX O
lines O
. O

While O
it O
is O
stated O
these O
are O
outside O
of O
the O
area O
used O
for O
the O
model O
, O
it O
would O
be O
extremely O
interesting O
to O
know O
how O
they O
function O
, O
and O
it O
does O
suggest O
that O
the O
predictions O
based O
on O
a O
model O
should O
be O
treated O
with O
caution O
. O

The O
main O
stem B-Location
was O
harvested O
just O
above O
the O
rosette B-Location
when O
the O
plant O
was O
completely O
senesced O
and O
dry O
. O

Mature B-Location
fibers I-Location
of O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
RNAi O
lines O
and O
wild O
type O
were O
collected O
at O
the O
same O
time O
and O
the O
same O
position O
of O
the O
plants O
and O
used O
for O
micronaire O
measurement O
. O

Probing O
the O
diversity O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
glutathione B-CommonName
S I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
gene O
family O
. O

After O
being O
rinsed O
with O
13 O
TBST O
, O
grids O
were O
transferred O
to O
appropriate O
secondary O
antibodies O
diluted O
1 O
: O
100 O
in O
1 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
NFDM O
in O
1x O
TBST O
for O
60 O
min O
, O
rinsed O
again O
with O
1 O
x O
TBST O
and O
then O
thoroughly O
washed O
with O
distilled O
water O
. O

516 O
517 O
Determination O
of O
Lignin B-Compound
Composition O
518 O
Thioacidolysis O
analysis O
was O
performed O
to O
determine O
lignin B-Compound
composition O
. O

The O
applica O
- O
tion O
of O
genomic O
approaches O
facilitated O
by O
emerging O
DNA O
sequencing O
technologies O
may O
significantly O
acceler O
- O
ate O
the O
breeding O
program O
. O

Mature O
fibers B-Location
were O
sectioned O
through O
the O
paraffin O
embedded O
section O
by O
10 O
mu O
m O
. O

AgriGO O
analysis O
of O
the O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
. O

The O
arrows O
point O
to O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
xylem B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
. O

Effects O
of O
abiotic O
stress O
on O
plants O
: O
a O
systems O
biology O
perspective O
. O

All O
the O
samples O
were O
transferred O
into O
2 O
mL O
glass O
vials O
and O
dried O
on O
a O
Speed O
Vac O
Concentrator O
. O

Our O
fi O
rst O
focus O
is O
on O
the O
proteins O
reaching O
an O
ex O
- O
treme O
( O
highest O
or O
lowest O
) O
abundance O
at O
the O
optimal O
range O
of O
Cu O
availability O
( O
300 O
nM O
to O
3 O
mM O
Cu O
) O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S3A O
- O
F O
) O
. O

PNAS O
| O
Published O
online O
October O
23 O
, O
2017 O
| O
E9729 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
PNAS O
PLUS O
Downloaded O
at O
National O
Taiwan O
Univ O
. O

After O
exposure O
of O
cotton B-Species
seedlings O
to O
high O
temperature O
, O
the O
expression O
levels O
of O
5 O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
cut O
down O
over O
time O
till O
12 O
h O
, O
but O
increased O
at O
24 O
h O
( O
Figs O
. O

The O
313 O
- O
bp O
fragments O
of O
NbNuc B-CommonName
cDNA O
was O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
from O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Similarly O
, O
average O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
, O
calculated O
from O
all O
transgenic O
pad4 B-CommonName
lines O
, O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
higher O
than O
for O
the O
control O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

CYP86A33 B-CommonName
- O
targeted O
gene O
silencing O
in O
potato B-Species
tuber O
alters O
suberin B-Compound
composition O
, O
distorts O
suberin B-Compound
lamellae O
, O
and O
impairs O
the O
periderm B-Location
' O
s O
water O
barrier O
function O
. O

The O
question O
is O
whether O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
the O
same O
biochemical O
process O
as O
it O
is O
in O
the O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
, O
i O
. O
e O
. O

GUX1 B-CommonName
and O
GUX2 B-CommonName
glucuronyltransferases B-CommonName
decorate O
distinct O
domains O
of O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
with O
different O
substitution O
patterns O
. O

All O
miRNAs O
, O
target O
genes O
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
orthologous O
genes O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
a O
) O
WT O
( O
left O
) O
and O
PttCLE47 B-CommonName
RNAi O
trees O
( O
right O
) O
. O

This O
new O
facet O
is O
that O
the O
nuclear O
export O
of O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunits O
and O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
RER O
may O
play O
regulatory O
roles O
in O
coordinating O
protein O
synthesis B-Process
in O
cytoplasm O
and O
transcription O
in O
nuclei O
. O

The O
identical O
primers O
described O
by O
An O
et O
al O
. O

Cytoskeletal O
organization B-Process
during O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

For O
almost O
all O
gene O
families O
in O
the O
ethylene B-Compound
pathway O
, O
except O
the O
ethylene B-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
family O
, O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
transgenic O
plants O
had O
64 O
% O
higher O
shoot B-Location
dry O
weight O
, O
on O
average O
, O
than O
the O
control O
plants O
. O

In O
wild O
type O
plants O
, O
cross O
sections O
of O
the O
sixth O
inter O
- O
nodes O
showed O
well O
organized O
and O
regular O
shaped O
vascu B-Location
- I-Location
lar I-Location
vessel I-Location
and O
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

1C O
) O
, O
likely O
reflecting O
an O
increase O
in O
proteo O
- O
lytic O
processes O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
the O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
11 I-CommonName
clades O
using O
orthologous O
proteins O
from O
different O
monocot O
plants O
obtained O
through O
Phytozome O
( O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
phytozome O
. O
jgi O
. O

Statistical O
Analysis O
Statistical O
analysis O
of O
cell O
metabolomics O
was O
conducted O
using O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
in O
JMP O
software O
( O
version O
12 O
. O
1 O
. O
0 O
; O
SAS O
Institute O
) O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
WOX4 B-CommonName
and O
WOX14 B-CommonName
act O
downstream O
of O
the O
PXY B-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
to O
regulate O
plant O
vascular O
proliferation B-Process
independently O
of O
any O
role O
in O
vascular O
organisation O
. O

1 O
Patchy O
mucilage B-Compound
extrusion O
was O
observed O
in O
a O
small O
number O
of O
transgenic O
mum2 B-CommonName
seeds B-Location
where O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
expression O
was O
driven O
by O
either O
PER36p O
or O
PER36modp O
. O

Assays O
with O
DB O
- O
PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
used O
20 O
m O
M O
3AT O
. O

All O
authors O
reviewed O
and O
proofread O
the O
manuscript O
. O

Overexpression O
of O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
led O
to O
a O
decrease O
in O
stem B-Location
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
and O
defect O
in O
anther B-Location
development B-Process
. O

( O
G O
) O
IQD13 B-CommonName
and O
IQD14 B-CommonName
mRNA O
levels O
in O
the O
iqd13 B-CommonName
( O
SALKseq_107468 O
) O
and O
iqd14 B-CommonName
( O
SAIL_537_C12 O
) O
mutants O
, O
respectively O
. O

More O
recently O
, O
overexpression O
of O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
from O
P B-Species
. I-Species

A O
dissociation O
kinetics O
analysis O
was O
performed O
at O
the O
end O
of O
the O
experiment O
to O
check O
the O
speci O
fi O
city O
of O
the O
annealing O
. O

1H O
) O
; O
another O
OsFBK O
served O
as O
negative O
control O
for O
this O
BiFC O
assay O
. O

The O
continuation O
of O
shoot B-Location
differentiation B-Process
after O
harvest O
results O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
and O
increased O
lignification B-Process
. O

Global O
planted O
forests O
thematic O
study O
. O

Wang O
found O
that O
an O
increase O
in O
cinna B-Compound
- I-Compound
maldehyde I-Compound
content O
caused O
a O
decrease O
in O
MOE O
in O
Populus O
but O
with O
no O
change O
in O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
) O
homologues O
of O
nine O
Arabidopsis B-Species
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
genes O
( O
three O
genes O
each O
involved O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
pathways O
) O
and O
demonstrated O
that O
VIGS O
plants O
exhibited O
the O
expected O
morphological O
phenotypes O
, O
altered O
anatomy O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
chemistry O
( O
Zhu O
et O
al O
. O

Nat O
Biotechnol O
18 O
: O
784 O
- O
788 O
Hay O
A O
, O
Tsiantis O
M O
( O
2010 O
) O
KNOX B-CommonName
genes O
: O
versatile O
regulators O
of O
plant O
development B-Process
and O
diversity O
. O

Coloured O
italicized O
text O
indicates O
partial O
matches O
, O
where O
light O
green O
text O
indicates O
phylogenetic O
homology O
only O
and O
orange O
text O
indicates O
high O
co O
- O
expression O
with O
SCW B-Compound
genes O
only O
. O

Methods O
for O
Hemp B-Species
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Characterization O
FIGURE O
6 O
| O
Primary O
and O
secondary B-Location
bast I-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
of O
six O
contrasting O
hemp B-Species
accessions O
. O

Wild O
- O
type O
leaves O
and O
roots O
were O
from O
6 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
. O

Although O
the O
length O
, O
thickness O
and O
branching O
of O
the O
composite O
E B-Species
. I-Species

The O
RNA O
( O
1 O
mg O
) O
was O
used O
as O
a O
template O
for O
cDNA O
synthesis O
with O
the O
RT O
primer O
Mix O
( O
Random O
6mers O
and O
Oligo O
dT O
Primer O
mixed O
) O
and O
PrimerScript O
RT O
Enzyme O
Mix O
I O
( O
TaKaRa O
) O
. O

Somerville O
, O
Collapsed O
xylem B-Location
phenotype O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
identifies O
mutants O
deficient O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Following O
infiltration O
, O
plants O
were O
maintained O
at O
room O
temperature O
under O
a O
14 O
/ O
10 O
- O
h O
light O
/ O
dark O
photoperiod O
. O

Physical O
properties O
of O
a O
leaf B-Location
blade I-Location
were O
measured O
with O
a O
creep O
meter O
, O
using O
a O
cut O
leaf B-Location
blade I-Location
and O
a O
moving O
sample O
stage O
. O

Expression O
of O
C4H B-CommonName
in O
root B-Location
tissue I-Location
was O
approximately O
9 O
- O
fold O
higher O
than O
in O
any O
stem B-Location
section O
( O
Fig O
. O

Plants O
were O
further O
transferred O
on O
the O
same O
medium O
without O
acetosyringone O
and O
supplemented O
with O
300 O
mg O
/ O
L O
augmentin O
( O
amoxicillin O
/ O
clavulanic O
acid O
) O
to O
prevent O
agrobacteria O
growth B-Process
( O
Ieamkhang O
and O
Chatchawankanphanich O
, O
2005 O
) O
. O

The O
general O
trend O
in O
the O
MF O
orientation B-Process
in O
the O
S O
2 O
layer O
is O
a O
gradual O
decrease O
from O
earlywood B-Compound
to O
latewood B-Compound
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O
, O
Herman O
et O
al O
. O

To O
illustrate O
the O
threshold O
- O
dependency O
of O
the O
algorithm O
performance O
, O
a O
receiver O
operating O
characteristic O
( O
ROC O
) O
plot O
was O
used O
( O
Figure O
S2 O
) O
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1714422114 O
5 O
of O
11 O
Fig O
. O

The O
predicted O
PrMADS10 B-CommonName
protein O
has O
the O
typical O
conserved O
structural O
features O
of O
MADS B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
box I-CommonName
TFs O
and O
possesses O
a O
MIKC O
type O
protein O
structure O
( O
Fig O
. O

Arrowheads O
point O
to O
CSD O
( O
see O
also O
Table O
S5 O
) O
. O

A O
full O
factorial O
design O
crossing O
two O
CAs O
and O
two O
genotypes O
allowed O
us O
to O
study O
the O
effect O
of O
CA O
, O
genotype O
( O
G O
) O
and O
interaction O
( O
I O
) O
( O
CA O
x O
G O
) O
on O
protein O
accumulation B-Process
. O

The O
signal O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
: O
mCherry O
matched O
with O
GmMan1 O
: O
GFP O
( O
A O
- O
H O
) O
. O

Six O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
were O
used O
for O
the O
measurements O
, O
unless O
otherwise O
indicated O
. O

This O
repression O
was O
relieved O
by O
the O
exogenous O
GA B-Compound
treatment O
( O
Fig O
. O

ProIRX9 O
: O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
complements O
the O
irx9 B-CommonName
mu O
- O
tant O
phenotypes O
and O
is O
expressed O
in O
native O
root B-Location
protoxylem B-Location
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
. O

dosa O
: O
Os07t0147550 O
- O
00 O
Os07g0147550 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Photosystem O
II O
10 O
kDa O
polypeptide O
, O
chloroplast O
. O

As O
SCWs B-Compound
are O
deposited O
around O
cells O
that O
typically O
are O
situated O
deep O
in O
plant O
tissues O
, O
studies O
of O
the O
transition B-Process
from O
PCW B-Compound
to O
SCW B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
have O
been O
limited O
. O

Interaction O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
E2F B-CommonName
and O
DP B-CommonName
proteins O
confers O
their O
concomitant O
nuclear O
translocation O
and O
transactivation O
. O

Results O
for O
C4H B-CommonName
were O
consistent O
with O
other O
results O
( O
Papini O
- O
Terzi O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

This O
method O
allowed O
direct O
quantitative O
comparison O
of O
the O
phenotypic O
variability O
of O
our O
samples O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
Estimation O
of O
number O
and O
size O
of O
QTL O
effects O
in O
forest O
tree O
traits O
. O

Jae O
- O
Heung O
Ko O
find O
that O
miR166 B-CommonName
is O
inversely O
cor O
- O
related O
with O
a O
class O
III O
HD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Zip I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
PtaHB1 B-CommonName
and O
plays O
a O
regulatory O
role O
in O
vascular O
differentiation B-Process
( O
Ko O
et O
al O
. O

The O
compact O
wood B-Compound
structure O
of O
the O
pad4 B-CommonName
lines O
and O
changes O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
( O
strengthening O
with O
lignin B-Compound
) O
also O
resulted O
in O
an O
alternation O
of O
other O
physical O
( O
mechanical O
) O
properties O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
was O
selected O
for O
functional O
analysis O
. O

Conservation O
of O
amino O
acids O
were O
visualized O
using O
the O
JalView O
percentage O
identity O
color O
scheme O
. O

However O
, O
PR1 B-CommonName
transcripts O
were O
induced O
if O
the O
water O
extract O
was O
preincubated O
with O
RC B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ADPG1 I-CommonName
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

The O
longest O
transcripts O
were O
regarded O
as O
unigenes O
redundancies O
were O
removed O
. O

Genes O
associated O
with O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

Prewitt O
, O
and O
Sigal O
Savaldi O
- O
Goldstein O
for O
valuable O
comments O
on O
the O
manuscript O
and O
Haim O
Bar O
( O
University O
of O
Connecticut O
) O
for O
validating O
our O
statistical O
tests O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Molecular O
evolution O
of O
regulatory O
genes O
in O
spruces B-Species
from O
different O
species O
and O
continents O
: O
heterogeneous O
patterns O
of O
linkage O
disequilibrium O
and O
selection O
but O
correlated O
recent O
demographic O
changes O
. O

Al O
stress O
resulted O
in O
the O
increase O
of O
GUS O
activity O
in O
roots B-Location
but O
not O
in O
shoots B-Location
( O
Figure O
1f O
) O
. O

These O
results O
demonstrated O
the O
culm B-CommonName
easily I-CommonName
fragile I-CommonName
phe O
- O
notype O
in O
NIL O
- O
cef1 B-CommonName
was O
due O
to O
the O
defect O
in O
thickening B-Process
in O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Samples O
were O
analyzed O
using O
a O
method O
with O
an O
initial O
concentration O
of O
10 O
% O
B O
for O
1 O
min O
. O
, O
followed O
by O
a O
2 O
min O
. O

( O
E O
) O
Seven O
- O
day O
- O
old O
etiolated O
seedlings O
grown O
on O
MS O
media O
, O
or O
on O
MS O
media O
supplemented O
with O
indicated O
concentrations O
of O
oryzalin O
. O

Total O
SND2 B-CommonName
transcript O
is O
~ O
435 O
- O
fold O
relative O
to O
the O
wild O
type O
, O
represented O
here O
on O
a O
log O
10 O
scale O
. O

The O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
was O
featured O
with O
chloroplasts O
destruction O
and O
disappearance O
, O
nucleus O
disintegration O
and O
collapse O
of O
the O
protoplast O
. O

b O
, O
Estimation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
composition O
derived O
from O
L B-Compound
- I-Compound
Phe I-Compound
and O
L B-Compound
- I-Compound
Tyr I-Compound
based O
on O
the O
above O
labelling O
experiments O
for O
Brachypodium B-Species
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
grown O
on O
media O
containing O
labelled O
substrates O
for O
30 O
days O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
A O
small O
family O
of O
MYB B-CommonName
- O
reg O
- O
ulatory O
genes O
controls O
fl O
oral O
pigmentation B-Process
intensity O
and O
patterning B-Process
in O
the O
genus O
Antirrhinum B-Species
. O

Means O
+ O
- O
SD O
from O
four O
biological O
replicates O
. O

General O
schemes O
for O
lignification B-Process
and O
a O
method O
to O
provide O
evi O
- O
dence O
for O
monolignol B-Compound
ferulate I-Compound
conjugate O
incorporation O
into O
lignins B-Compound
. O

Kanamycin O
resistant O
tobacco B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
shoots B-Location
were O
rooted O
and O
the O
plants O
were O
transferred O
to O
soil O
and O
placed O
into O
the O
greenhouse O
. O

2016 O
) O
, O
we O
also O
examined O
the O
responses O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
plants O
to O
a O
250 O
mM O
NaCl O
treatment O
( O
Figure O
2C O
) O
. O

A O
revised O
medium O
for O
rapid O
growth B-Process
and O
bio O
assays O
with O
tobacco B-Species
tissue O
cultures O
. O

We O
also O
used O
the O
dual O
- O
luciferase O
reporter O
( O
DLR O
) O
assay O
system O
in O
rice B-Species
protoplasts O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
The O
MYB46 B-CommonName
/ O
MYB83 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
programme O
is O
a O
gate O
- O
keeper O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

R O
ooted O
phylogenetic O
tree O
of O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
and O
its O
homologs O
was O
constructed O
with O
bootstrap O
values O
after O
1000 O
trials O
using O
Neighbor O
- O
joining O
method O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
to O
overcome O
the O
low O
- O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
and O
time O
- O
consuming O
A O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
such O
models O
are O
useful O
frameworks O
for O
developing O
hypotheses O
that O
can O
be O
tested O
. O

These O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
- O
related O
target O
genes O
, O
corresponding O
miR O
- O
NAs O
and O
orthologous O
genes O
of O
target O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
were O
used O
to O
build O
a O
network O
. O

BMC O
Genomics O
16 O
: O
466 O
Kumar O
L O
, O
Futschik O
ME O
( O
2007 O
) O
Mfuzz O
: O
A O
software O
package O
for O
soft O
clustering O
of O
microarray O
data O
. O

These O
data O
suggest O
that O
expression O
of O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
and O
the O
alteration O
of O
the O
composition O
and O
structure O
of O
lignin B-Compound
do O
not O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
compromise O
the O
aspen B-Species
trees O
' O
growth B-Process
or O
their O
production O
of O
woody O
biomass O
. O

Normalized O
abundances O
are O
represented O
by O
a O
color O
gradient O
from O
blue O
( O
negative O
values O
) O
to O
red O
( O
positive O
values O
) O
. O

The O
cellulase B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
on O
wood B-Compound
derived O
from O
transgenic O
low O
lignin B-Compound
lines O
of O
black B-Species
cottonwood I-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
) O
. O

( O
A O
) O
A O
cross O
- O
section O
of O
young O
rice B-Species
internodes B-Location
. O

( O
Continued O
) O
Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
3 O
March O
2018 O
| O
Volume O
9 O
| O
Article O
272 O
Seyfferth O
et O
al O
. O

This O
deletion O
occurred O
in O
the O
first O
exon O
Fig O
. O

2004 O
) O
and O
is O
widely O
planted O
in O
north O
China O
. O

Since O
the O
genes O
identified O
in O
this O
study O
are O
related O
to O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
not O
specifically O
to O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
we O
could O
not O
a O
priori O
assume O
that O
e O
. O
g O
. O

( O
A O
) O
FPLC O
chromatogram O
showing O
IMAC O
purification O
of O
expressed O
soluble O
AsFMT B-CommonName
from O
E O
. O

n O
> O
= O
190 O
gold O
particles O
per O
genotype O
from O
two O
independent O
immuno O
- O
TEM O
experiments O
. O

A O
high O
level O
of O
fructose B-Compound
will O
activate O
a O
sequential O
fructose B-Compound
metabolic O
process O
, O
of O
which O
the O
phosphorylation B-Process
of O
fructose B-Compound
catalyzed O
by O
FRK B-CommonName
is O
the O
first O
step O
. O

cambium B-Location
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
Supporting O
Information O
Fig O
. O

These O
data O
imply O
that O
synthesis B-Process
of O
alkyl O
hydroxycinnamate B-Compound
in O
vivo O
might O
undergo O
exquisite O
spatial O
or O
metabolic O
organization O
; O
the O
availability O
of O
thioester O
donors O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
acts O
as O
the O
key O
determinator O
, O
dominating O
the O
aromatic O
composition O
of O
lipid B-Compound
polyesters I-Compound
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
employed O
an O
omic O
strategy O
to O
compare O
miRNA O
transcriptome O
between O
poplar B-Species
and O
larch B-Species
, O
aiming O
to O
unveil O
molecular O
basis O
of O
miRNA O
functions O
in O
wood B-Compound
forma B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
relative O
composition O
of O
the O
- O
5 O
substructure O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
increased O
in O
both O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

During O
early O
phases O
of O
cell B-Process
division I-Process
the O
microtubules O
mark O
the O
future O
separation O
plane O
as O
preprophase O
bands O
( O
Figure O
3C O
) O
. O

Different O
miRNAs O
may O
have O
functional O
redundancy O
. O

However O
, O
there O
is O
limited O
understanding O
of O
these O
regulatory O
pathways O
. O

Images O
of O
DIC O
, O
VENUS O
fluorescence O
( O
green O
) O
and O
PI O
fluorescence O
( O
magenta O
) O
are O
merged O
. O

Whenever O
a O
peptide O
was O
visibly O
insoluble O
at O
pH O
7 O
, O
the O
pH O
of O
the O
master O
solutions O
was O
either O
lowered O
with O
formic O
acid O
or O
increased O
with O
ammonia O
until O
dissolution O
was O
observed O
. O

With O
this O
approach O
, O
we O
demonstrate O
a O
strategy O
for O
the O
classi O
fi O
cation O
and O
prioritisation O
of O
target O
genes O
to O
alter O
lignin B-Compound
content O
by O
genetic O
engineering O
or O
marker O
- O
assisted O
selection O
. O

The O
motif O
prediction O
tool O
Multiple O
EM O
for O
Motif O
Elicitation O
( O
MEME O
; O
meme O
- O
suite O
. O
org O
/ O
) O
was O
used O
to O
analyze O
the O
SNBE O
( O
Secondary O
Wall O
NAC B-CommonName
Binding O
Element O
) O
motifs O
in O
the O
~ O
2 O
- O
kb O
promoter O
sequence O
of O
PtrMYB021 B-CommonName
( O
50 O
) O
. O

For O
example O
, O
gravi O
- O
stimulation O
of O
leaning O
branches B-Location
in O
angiosperm O
trees O
results O
in O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
of O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
, O
to O
produce O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
that O
pulls O
leaning O
stems B-Location
upright O
. O

2013b O
) O
, O
we O
analysed O
the O
cross O
sections O
of O
stems B-Location
of O
transgenic O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
T89 O
) O
polar O
plants O
. O

Anatomy O
and O
SWN B-CommonName
gene O
expression O
in O
PIN5 B-CommonName
and O
AtGA20ox O
- O
expressing O
plants O
. O

The O
first O
three O
components O
( O
PC O
) O
of O
the O
PCA O
explain O
39 O
% O
, O
21 O
% O
and O
16 O
% O
respectively O
. O

GUS O
staining O
in O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
of O
PtrCLE20pro O
: O
: O
GUS O
. O

Hypothetically O
, O
OsCCR14 B-CommonName
being O
degraded O
by O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
would O
be O
unavailable O
for O
carry O
- O
ing O
out O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
the O
roots B-Location
of O
the O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
OE O
plants O
, O
while O
in O
the O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
KD O
lines O
the O
amount O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
roots B-Location
should O
be O
comparable O
to O
that O
of O
wild O
type O
and O
VC O
. O

DOI O
: O
10 O
. O
7554 O
/ O
eLife O
. O
01567 O
3 O
of O
11 O
( O
time O
points O
and O
distinct O
samples O
per O
genotype O
) O
analyzed O
in O
this O
study O
. O

Because O
this O
enzymatic O
activity O
appears O
to O
be O
conserved O
among O
land O
plants O
, O
this O
strategy O
can O
be O
valuable O
to O
affect O
HCT B-CommonName
activity O
in O
bioenergy O
crops O
for O
which O
no O
HCT B-CommonName
gene O
has O
been O
cloned O
or O
for O
which O
multiple O
, O
functionally O
redundant O
copies O
are O
present O
. O

All O
images O
are O
in O
the O
same O
magni O
fi O
cation O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Western O
blot O
of O
microsome O
samples O
( O
200 O
g O
protein O
) O
using O
anti O
- O
His O
- O
tag O
antibody O
. O

Effect O
of O
various O
abiotic O
stresses O
on O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
promoter O
activity O
. O

Table O
S2 O
Metabolomic O
data O
analyses O
and O
identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
DAMs O
. O

In O
the O
same O
study O
it O
was O
also O
shown O
that O
, O
after O
finalization O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
, O
a O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
localized O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
inducing O
serine B-Compound
protease O
stimulated O
Ca2 O
+ O
influx O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Subfunctionalization O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
in O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
mediates O
secondary O
radial O
wall B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
mucilage O
attachment O
. O

Among O
the O
cis O
- O
elements O
, O
previous O
research O
has O
demonstrated O
that O
the O
MYBCORE O
and O
AC O
- O
box O
motifs O
are O
crucial O
for O
the O
regulatory O
function O
of O
MYB B-CommonName
TFs O
. O

( O
d O
) O
Internode B-Location
number O
of O
10 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
WT O
and O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
in O
( O
b O
) O
and O
( O
c O
) O
. O

6 O
) O
, O
in O
which O
the O
level O
of O
PAD4 B-CommonName
inhibition O
and O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
content O
were O
the O
highest O
( O
Figs O
1 O
- O
4 O
) O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
Therm O
- O
Spm O
is O
involved O
in O
the O
control O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
, O
having O
an O
auxin B-Compound
antagonizing O
effect O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
High O
- O
dimensional O
statistics O
with O
a O
view O
toward O
applications O
in O
biology O
. O

The O
bacterial O
growth B-Process
medium O
was O
also O
supplemented O
with O
0 O
. O
1 O
% O
glucose O
. O

However O
, O
very O
few O
genes O
( O
less O
than O
18 O
% O
) O
were O
upregulated O
in O
common O
with O
our O
results O
in O
the O
PCD B-Process
- O
related O
experiments O
using O
the O
AAL O
- O
toxin O
( O
Gechev O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
ethylene B-Compound
responsive O
elements O
( O
EREs O
) O
was O
only O
identified O
in O
PbAL1 B-CommonName
gene O
. O

We O
assume O
the O
reviewer O
is O
referring O
to O
CESA6 B-CommonName
D396N O
. O

For O
further O
phenotype O
observa O
- O
tion O
, O
the O
trees O
were O
transplanted O
into O
a O
field O
after O
a O
3 O
- O
month O
growth B-Process
in O
a O
greenhouse O
. O

The O
orange O
oval O
represents O
the O
Golgi O
, O
and O
the O
remaining O
reactions O
occur O
within O
the O
cytosol O
, O
plastid O
and O
mitochondrion O
, O
but O
these O
compartments O
are O
not O
displayed O
for O
clarity O
. O

Together O
, O
the O
results O
suggest O
that O
the O
PtrKOR B-CommonName
genes O
may O
play O
distinct O
roles O
in O
association O
with O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
different O
tissues O
. O

( O
B O
) O
FRAP O
mobile O
fraction O
when O
xylan B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
were O
simultaneously O
disrupted O
using O
irx10 B-CommonName
/ O
irx10 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
mutants O
transformed O
with O
proLAC4 O
: O
LAC4 B-CommonName
- O
mCHERRY O
/ O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
GR O
and O
treated O
with O
PA O
. O

* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
: O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
AaC4H1 O
VENINVAAIETTLWSIEWGIAELVNHPEVQKKLRHEMDTVLGVGHLVTEPDTHKLPYLQA O
330 O
AmC4H1 O
VENINVAAIETTLWSIEWGIAELVNHPEVQKKLRHEMDTVLGXRAPGYRTRHPQAPIPPG O
360 O
AthC4H O

VENINVAAIETTLWSIEWGIAELVNHPEIQSKLRNELDTVLGPGVQVTEPDLHKLPYLQA O
359 O
AaC4H2 O
VENINVAAIETTLWSIEWGVAELVNHPEIQKKLRDEIDTVLGPGHQVTEPDTHKLPYLQA O
359 O
AmC4H2 O

VENINVAAIETTLWSIEWGVAELVNHPEIQKKLRDEIDTVXGTRPPGDGAGHPQTPIPTG O
344 O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
. O
* O
* O
* O
. O

In O
comparison O
with O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
of O
the O
control O
samples O
, O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
walls B-Compound
were O
thicker O
and O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
walls B-Compound
noticeably O
thinner O
. O

Also O
the O
retardation O
of O
these O
regulatory O
regions O
got O
increased O
at O
increased O
protein O
concentration O
suggesting O
that O
banana B-Species
VND1 B-CommonName
- O
VND3 B-CommonName
bind O
e O
ffi O
ciently O
in O
a O
dose O
dependent O
manner O
. O

Despite O
many O
years O
of O
research O
, O
the O
physiological O
function O
of O
laccase B-CommonName
in O
plants O
remains O
largely O
unknown O
. O

The O
5 O
sequences O
of O
the O
two O
genes O
are O
necessary O
for O
high O
levels O
of O
expres O
- O
sion O
in O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

Both O
auxin B-Compound
and O
PXY B-CommonName
responses O
are O
mediated O
by O
inter O
- O
actions O
with O
GSK3 B-CommonName
signaling O
proteins O
. O

Plant O
Sci O
181 O
: O
249 O
- O
257 O
Benner O
R O
, O
Maccubbin O
AE O
, O
Hodson O
RE O
( O
1984 O
) O
Anaerobic O
biodegradation B-Process
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
and O
polysaccharide O
components O
of O
lignocellulose O
and O
synthetic O
lignin B-Compound
by O
sediment O
micro O
fl O
ora O
. O

The O
co O
- O
immunoprecipitation O
( O
co O
- O
IP O
) O
experiments O
revealed O
that O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
: O
MBP O
and O
MYB6 B-CommonName
: O
His O
associated O
with O
the O
same O
protein O
complex O
( O
Figure O
5e O
) O
. O

Expression O
of O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
was O
significantly O
down O
- O
regulated O
in O
most O
of O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Figure O
S2 O
: O
Maps O
of O
pGWAY O
- O
0 O
and O
pGWAY O
- O
1 O
destination O
vectors O
. O

No O
signal O
is O
present O
when O
the O
primary O
antibodies O
are O
omitted O
and O
sections O
are O
treated O
with O
the O
488 O
and O
633 O
Alexa O
secondary O
antibodies O
. O

Transient O
Heat O
Induction O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
FT O
Gene O
Up O
- O
Regulates O
SCW B-Compound
Genes O
after O
Only O
24 O
h O
. O

Zhong O
R O
, O
McCarthy O
RL O
, O
Haghighat O
M O
, O
Ye O
ZH O
( O
2013 O
) O
The O
poplar B-Species
MYB B-CommonName
master O
switches O
bind O
to O
the O
SMRE O
site O
and O
activate O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
program O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Toward O
the O
esti O
- O
mation O
of O
the O
absolute O
quality O
of O
individual O
protein O
structure O
models O
. O

The O
Golgi O
NST B-CommonName
mutant O
brittle B-CommonName
culm14 I-CommonName
( O
bc14 B-CommonName
) O
harbors O
a O
muta O
- O
tion O
in O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
Nucleotide B-CommonName
Sugar I-CommonName
Transporter1 I-CommonName
( O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
) O
, O
which O
was O
cloned O
by O
a O
positional O
cloning O
approach O
and O
found O
to O
encode O
a O
Golgi O
- O
localized O
NST B-CommonName
. O

For O
example O
, O
in O
angiosperm O
trees O
like O
poplar B-Species
, O
the O
relative O
number O
and O
morphology O
of O
water O
conducting O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
within O
wood B-Compound
is O
changed O
in O
response O
to O
drought O
( O
Janz O
et O
al O
. O

All O
related O
and O
comparative O
micrographs O
were O
captured O
using O
equivalent O
settings O
, O
and O
relevant O
micrographs O
were O
processed O
in O
equivalent O
ways O
for O
the O
generation O
of O
data O
sets O
. O

The O
seed B-Location
maturation B-Process
mutants O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

3 O
ABSTRACT O
30 O
Lignin B-Compound
is O
a O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
- O
derived O
polymer O
that O
functions O
as O
a O
major O
31 O
component O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
plant O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

TDIF B-CommonName
treatment O
further O
increased O
cell O
number O
in O
the O
vasculature B-Location
and O
the O
number O
of O
unligni O
fi O
ed O
cells O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
region O
( O
Fig O
. O

Identification O
of O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
from O
alfalfa B-Species
To O
identify O
and O
amplify O
putative O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
from O
M B-Species
. I-Species

Funding O
This O
work O
was O
supported O
by O
the O
National O
Natural O
Science O
Foundation O
of O
China O
( O
31130012 O
) O
, O
the O
National O
Key O
Basic O
Research O
Program O
of O
China O
( O
2012CB114502 O
) O
and O
the O
Shanghai O
Science O
and O
Technology O
Commission O
( O
11XD1405900 O
) O
to O
L O
. O
L O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
effect O
of O
overexpression O
of O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
under O
the O
control O
of O
CaMV O
35S O
promoter O
on O
plant O
growth B-Process
was O
also O
studied O
. O

A O
regulatory O
net O
- O
work O
of O
interacting O
transcription O
factors O
in O
part O
regulates O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
. O

8 O
) O
, O
suggesting O
the O
possible O
co O
- O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
PCD B-Process
during O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Finale O
solution O
was O
applied O
twice O
in O
a O
week O
in O
a O
2 O
- O
week O
period O
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
dead O
earlywood B-Compound
tracheids B-Location
were O
detected O
on O
June O
13 O
( O
Fig O
. O

Molecular O
and O
genetic O
studies O
have O
revealed O
that O
some O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
networks O
exist O
in O
the O
process O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Discussion O
Formation B-Process
and O
regeneration B-Process
of O
auxin B-Compound
- O
conducting O
channels O
de O
- O
marcating O
vascular B-Location
strands I-Location
in O
plants O
is O
a O
spectacular O
example O
of O
the O
plant O
' O
s O
fl O
exible O
and O
self O
- O
organizing O
development B-Process
. O

For O
each O
condition O
, O
phenotyping O
and O
xylem B-Location
sampling O
were O
performed O
on O
four O
independent O
trees O
( O
Supporting O
Information O
Fig O
. O

The O
analyses O
revealed O
no O
obvious O
changes O
in O
the O
expression O
of O
other O
annexins B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

1997 O
; O
Olson O
and O
Varner O
1993 O
; O
Levine O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
WUSCHEL B-CommonName
controls O
meristem B-Location
function O
by O
direct O
regulation O
of O
cytokinin B-Compound
- O
inducible O
response O
regulators O
. O

Expression O
of O
A O
- O
type O
CLE B-CommonName
peptides O
commonly O
results O
in O
growth B-Process
arrest O
in O
the O
SAM B-Location
and O
RAM B-Location
. O

Interestingly O
, O
four O
of O
the O
five O
members O
containing O
Mao O
et O
al O
. O

TFs O
interact O
and O
function O
in O
a O
combinatorial O
manner O
forming O
homo O
and O
heterodimers O
, O
assembling O
on O
control O
elements O
of O
DNA O
and O
recruiting O
cofactors O
[ O
2 O
, O
3 O
] O
. O

Bars O
denote O
the O
average O
of O
14 O
measurements O
, O
each O
+ O
- O
SD O
. O

Input O
was O
used O
as O
an O
antibody O
control O
. O

This O
is O
very O
different O
from O
the O
NST B-CommonName
overexpression O
phenotypes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
which O
il O
- O
lustrates O
that O
the O
regulatory O
function O
of O
NST B-CommonName
homologs O
may O
differ O
between O
Arabidopsis B-Species
xylem B-Location
and O
cotton B-Species
fibers B-Location
. O

C O
- O
D O
) O
No O
regeneration B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
around O
a O
wound O
in O
chc2 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
XVE O
> O
> O
AUXILIN B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
LIKE2 I-CommonName
mutants O
( O
red O
asterisks O
) O
. O

Expression O
ratios O
, O
as O
fold O
changes O
for O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
data O
were O
calculated O
with O
FPKM O
. O

Mutants O
de O
fi O
cient O
in O
BR B-Compound
response O
and O
synthesis B-Process
, O
such O
as O
constitutively O
photomorphogenic O
dwarf O
( O
cpd O
) O
( O
Szekeres O
et O
al O
. O

In O
accordance O
with O
Printz O
et O
al O
. O

This O
response O
is O
associated O
with O
increased O
cambial O
activity O
, O
which O
in O
turn O
leads O
to O
asymmetric O
growth B-Process
so O
that O
the O
TW B-Compound
or O
CW B-Compound
side O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
is O
typically O
much O
wider O
than O
the O
OW B-Compound
side O
( O
Ruelle O
, O
2014 O
) O
. O

The O
phenomenon O
of O
xylem B-Location
proliferation B-Process
as O
observed O
in O
tobacco B-Species
was O
also O
not O
reported O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
assembled O
Unigenes O
were O
compared O
against O
the O
COG O
database O
for O
in O
- O
depth O
analysis O
of O
phylogenetically O
widespread O
domain O
families O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
basal O
sections O
of O
the O
Asparagus B-Species
spears B-Location
had O
increased O
texture O
within O
the O
first O
8 O
days O
of O
stor O
- O
age O
which O
then O
dropped O
between O
8 O
- O
16 O
days O
of O
storage O
. O

2008 O
; O
Sa O
' O
nchez O
- O
Rodr O
i O
' O
guez O
et O
al O
. O

Composition O
, O
assembly O
, O
and O
traf O
fi O
cking O
of O
a O
wheat B-Species
xylan B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
staining O
Lignin B-Compound
staining O
was O
performed O
using O
a O
saturated O
1 O
% O
phloroglucinol O
( O
Sigma O
Aldrich O
) O
solution O
in O
20 O
% O
HCl O
( O
8 O
) O
. O

Following O
the O
plots O
across O
the O
time O
points O
allowed O
us O
to O
reveal O
the O
vascular B-Location
morphodynamics O
as O
a O
function O
of O
incline O
. O

A O
digital O
caliper O
was O
used O
to O
measure O
the O
diameter O
of O
each O
stem B-Location
. O

For O
progress O
to O
occur O
in O
this O
area O
, O
it O
is O
essential O
that O
the O
scope O
of O
such O
analyses O
be O
expanded O
. O

grandis I-Species
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
using O
fl O
uorescent O
markers O
, O
with O
an O
average O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
62 O
% O
. O

In O
this O
evolutionary O
process O
, O
the O
genome O
of O
a O
species O
may O
become O
very O
unstable O
, O
and O
it O
is O
ease O
to O
chromosome O
rearrangement O
, O
gene O
duplication O
and O
gene O
loss O
. O

The O
retained O
introns O
are O
due O
to O
incomplete O
mRNA O
splicing O
. O

BiFC O
assay O
between O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
[ O
? O
] O
N O
and O
ROP11 B-CommonName
was O
conducted O
in O
leaf B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
of O
N B-Species
. I-Species

List O
of O
all O
annotated O
glycosyl B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
( O
GTs B-CommonName
) O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

We O
found O
that O
during O
stem B-Location
development B-Process
when O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
was O
thickening B-Process
, O
there O
was O
a O
dramatic O
increase O
of O
ER O
, O
mainly O
RER O
( O
Figure O
7T O
) O
. O

SWAM1 B-CommonName
overexpression O
( O
SWAM B-CommonName
- O
OE O
) O
lines O
had O
greater O
above O
- O
ground O
biomass O
with O
only O
a O
slight O
change O
in O
fl O
owering O
time O
while O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
dominant O
repressor O
( O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
) O
plants O
were O
severely O
dwarfed O
with O
a O
striking O
reduction O
in O
lignin B-Compound
of O
sclerenchyma B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
and O
stem B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cell I-Location
length O
. O

In O
a O
preliminary O
study O
, O
we O
have O
also O
shown O
that O
rice B-Species
transgenics O
with O
altered O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
expression O
exhibit O
drought O
tolerance O
( O
Borah O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

thaliana I-Species
CCR1 B-CommonName
implicated O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
is O
written O
in O
bold O
. O

Our O
hypothesis O
is O
further O
supported O
by O
the O
study O
of O
PbPAL1 B-CommonName
and O
PbPAL2 B-CommonName
in O
transgenic O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
organic O
layer O
was O
522 O
separated O
and O
dried O
under O
a O
stream O
of O
nitrogen O
. O

Pits O
are O
present O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
ray B-Location
paren I-Location
- I-Location
chymal I-Location
cells I-Location
that O
are O
shared O
with O
tracheids B-Location
( O
Spicer O
, O
2014 O
) O
. O

In O
plants O
, O
the O
development B-Process
of O
the O
stem B-Location
is O
closely O
linked O
to O
the O
differentiation B-Process
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
which O
undergoes O
speci O
fi O
c O
stages O
of O
maturation B-Process
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
11 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
6 O
. O

Pretreatment O
: O
the O
key O
to O
unlocking O
low O
- O
cost O
cellulosic O
ethanol O
. O

Thus O
, O
these O
three O
enzymes O
could O
act O
together O
to O
provide O
free O
phosphorylated O
sugar O
monomers O
for O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
/ O
or O
hemicellulose B-Compound
. O

The O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
is O
formed O
inside O
the O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
after O
cessation O
of O
cell O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
develops O
particularly O
into O
sclerenchyma B-Location
tissue I-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
elements I-Location
( O
Reiter O
2002 O
) O
. O

S12B O
) O
, O
which O
was O
not O
affected O
by O
exogenous O
application O
of O
PSK O
peptide O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

The O
distribution O
of O
distances O
between O
pits B-Location
in O
ropgef4 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
ropgef7 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
double O
mutants O
was O
more O
highly O
skewed O
than O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

AtMYB4 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
, O
and O
its O
expression O
is O
regulated O
by O
different O
environmental O
conditions O
Figure O
6 O
. O

Enhanced O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
. O

RNA O
15 O
: O
2083 O
- O
2104 O
Tanner O
NK O
, O
Linder O
P O
( O
2001 O
) O
DExD B-CommonName
/ O
H O
box O
RNA O
helicases B-CommonName
: O
from O
generic O
motors O
to O
speci O
fi O
c O
dissociation O
functions O
. O

5e O
, O
f O
) O
, O
indicating O
that O
uneven O
deposition B-Process
of O
phenolic B-Compound
components O
was O
more O
prominent O
at O
the O
later O
stage O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os03t0383600 O
- O
01 O
Os03g0383600 O
; O
Thiolase B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
, O
subgroup O
domain O
containing O
protein O
. O

Kit O
( O
Qiagen O
) O
, O
and O
the O
libraries O
were O
prepared O
according O
to O
Illumina O
standard O
protocol O
( O
TruSeq O
Stranded O
RNA O
LT O
Guide O
) O
. O

Lessons O
from O
brown O
- O
midrib O
mutants O
. O

2005 O
) O
and O
radiata B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
PAL B-CommonName
, O
COMT B-CommonName
and O
PCBER B-CommonName
) O
( O
Dillon O
et O
al O
. O

Compartments O
are O
observed O
to O
move O
quickly O
between O
domains O
and O
pause O
at O
domains O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Together O
, O
these O
results O
indicate O
that O
the O
auto O
fl O
uorescence O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
induced O
protoxylem B-Location
TEs I-Location
is O
from O
lignin B-Compound
, O
because O
it O
is O
dependent O
not O
only O
on O
the O
function O
of O
the O
general O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
enzyme O
C4H B-CommonName
but O
also O
on O
the O
function O
of O
the O
Figure O
2 O
. O

Thus O
, O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
overexpression O
reduced O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
length O
, O
and O
the O
expression O
level O
had O
to O
be O
controlled O
properly O
to O
sustain O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cell I-Location
growth B-Process
. O

1998 O
) O
or O
no O
difference O
among O
early O
- O
and O
latewood B-Compound
( O
Sahlberg O
et O
al O
. O

Oda O
Y O
, O
Fukuda O
H O
( O
2012 O
) O
Initiation O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
pattern O
by O
a O
Rho O
- O
and O
microtubule O
- O
driven O
symmetry O
breaking O
. O

However O
, O
DX15 B-CommonName
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
- O
2A O
- O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
lines O
showed O
similar O
or O
better O
growth B-Process
of O
roots O
than O
did O
the O
WT O
( O
Figure O
4b O
) O
. O

The O
growth B-Process
of O
transgenic O
trees O
in O
terms O
of O
height O
was O
also O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
in O
fl O
uenced O
by O
the O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
genes O
. O

The O
BC7 B-CommonName
/ O
BC11 B-CommonName
, O
BC6 B-CommonName
/ O
BC13 B-CommonName
and O
OsCESA7 B-CommonName
are O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
catalytic O
subunit O
genes O
, O
involves O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
( O
Kotake O
et O
al O
. O

Electron O
microscopy O
and O
confocal O
microscopy O
were O
done O
using O
expertise O
and O
equipment O
of O
the O
Electron O
Microscopy O
Facility O
( O
EMF O
) O
and O
the O
Cellular O
Imaging O
Facility O
( O
CIF O
) O
at O
the O
University O
of O
Lausanne O
. O

However O
, O
this O
hypothesis O
should O
be O
backed O
up O
in O
further O
studies O
. O

Tag O
- O
ging O
MUM2 B-CommonName
with O
the O
yellow O
fluorescent O
protein O
Citrine O
allowed O
verification O
that O
the O
gene O
products O
were O
localized O
to O
the O
mucilage B-Compound
pocket O
within O
the O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
during O
the O
peak O
of O
mucilage B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
secretion B-Process
( O
7 O
DPA O
; O
Fig O
. O

Re O
fi O
ned O
DNase O
- O
seq O
protocol O
and O
data O
analysis O
reveals O
intrinsic O
bias O
in O
transcription O
factor O
footprint O
identi O
fi O
cation O
. O

Using O
GV3101 O
( O
pMP90 O
) O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
were O
transformed O
with O
the O
above O
- O
mentioned O
constructs O
by O
the O
fl O
oral O
dip O
method O
( O
Clough O
and O
Bent O
, O
1998 O
) O
. O

3M O
) O
that O
reveals O
the O
aliphatic B-Compound
domain O
of O
suberin B-Compound
and O
display O
auto O
fl O
uorescence O
under O
UV O
( O
Fig O
. O

Marks O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
GLABROUS1 B-CommonName
gene O
requires O
downstream O
sequences O
for O
function O
, O
Plant O
Cell O
5 O
( O
1993 O
) O
1739 O
- O
1748 O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Leaves B-Location
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
plants O
. O

Time O
projections O
over O
a O
5 O
- O
min O
data O
collection O
period O
showed O
CSC O
tracks O
across O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
Fig O
. O

2004 O
AtMC8 B-CommonName
At1g16420 O
Cysteine O
and O
histidine O
dyad O
Vercammen O
et O
al O
. O

Differential O
phenolic O
compounds O
in O
seedling O
roots B-Location
. O

* O
P O
, O
0 O
. O
05 O
based O
on O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
. O

Here O
also O
, O
ES20 O
resistant O
mutant O
CESA6 B-CommonName
domains O
might O
be O
included O
to O
better O
support O
your O
conclusions O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Systematic O
structural O
characterization O
of O
metabolites O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
via O
candidate O
substrate O
- O
product O
pair O
networks O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
more O
genes O
related O
to O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
were O
found O
to O
be O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
stems B-Location
than O
in O
roots B-Location
. O

dosa00071 O
Fatty O
acid O
degradation B-Process
( O
3 O
) O
dosa O
: O
Os02t0730000 O
- O
01 O
Os02g0730000 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Mitochondrial O
aldehyde B-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
A O
mutually O
inhibitory O
interaction O
between O
auxin B-Compound
and O
cyto B-Compound
- I-Compound
kinin I-Compound
specifies O
vascular B-Location
pattern O
in O
roots B-Location
. O

Distribution B-Process
of O
pectic O
epitopes O
in O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
sugar B-Species
beet I-Species
root B-Location
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
LTF1 B-CommonName
was O
not O
phosphorylated O
by O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
in O
the O
absence O
of O
MKK4 B-CommonName
DD O
( O
Figure O
5D O
) O
. O

After O
centrifugation O
, O
the O
pellet O
was O
incubated O
over O
- O
night O
with O
90 O
% O
aqueous O
dimethyl O
sulfoxide O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
at O
room O
temperature O
under O
agitation O
, O
followed O
by O
centrifugation O
and O
washed O
thrice O
with O
absolute O
ethanol O
. O

3E O
) O
is O
centered O
on O
the O
cambial O
side O
of O
the O
cambium B-Location
/ O
xylem B-Location
border O
, O
with O
GUS O
expression O
detectable O
in O
the O
outermost O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cells I-Location
; O
however O
, O
it O
declines O
rapidly O
in O
cells O
further O
in O
toward O
the O
pith O
. O

Additional O
file O
5 O
: O
Inflorescence B-Location
height O
( O
mm O
) O
in O
WT O
, O
pxc1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
pxc1 B-CommonName
- O
3 O
mutants O
after O
bolting O
. O

Populus B-Species
species O
can O
serve O
as O
an O
ideal O
woody O
biomass O
because O
of O
their O
fast O
growth B-Process
characteristics O
for O
feedstock O
supply O
and O
inherent O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
characteristics O
with O
suitable O
cellulose B-Compound
to O
lignin B-Compound
ratios O
for O
utilization O
as O
a O
bioethanol O
crop O
( O
Porth O
and O
El O
- O
Kassaby O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

Gene O
networks O
: O
How O
to O
put O
the O
function O
in O
genomics O
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
IIP B-CommonName
members O
were O
expanded O
in O
Poaceae O
( O
Figure O
7B O
) O
, O
which O
was O
probably O
driven O
by O
environmental O
adaptation B-Process
. O

Reduced O
stem B-Location
heights O
were O
reported O
for O
the O
various O
esp3 B-CommonName
alleles O
( O
Herr O
et O
al O
. O

2008 O
) O
, O
we O
expected O
tree O
- O
to O
- O
tree O
variation O
within O
clones O
in O
the O
number O
of O
tracheids B-Location
of O
radial O
files O
. O

Finally O
, O
pure O
AIR O
fraction O
was O
dried O
using O
a O
RapidVap O
system O
as O
described O
in O
the O
previous O
paragraph O
of O
this O
section O
. O

Early O
in O
development B-Process
, O
SCIENCE O
sciencemag O
. O
org O
9 O
OCTOBER O
2015 O
* O
VOL O
350 O
ISSUE O
6257 O
199 O
Fig O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Yeast O
two O
hybrid O
assays O
were O
performed O
using O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
fused O
to O
the O
DNA O
binding O
domain O
( O
BD O
) O
and O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
fused O
to O
the O
activation O
domain O
( O
AD O
) O
. O

Addition O
of O
CC1DC223 B-CommonName
to O
the O
turbidity O
assays O
clearly O
promoted O
microtubule O
formation O
( O
Figure O
6E O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Structure O
of O
the O
BC14 B-CommonName
gene O
. O

The O
current O
results O
suggest O
that O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
may O
be O
a O
target O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
regulatory O
transcription O
factors O
. O

The O
observations O
reported O
here O
indicate O
that O
this O
fate O
may O
be O
suberi B-Process
- I-Process
zation I-Process
and O
death B-Process
. O

Combined O
with O
the O
previous O
analysis O
of O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
mapping O
results O
, O
this O
may O
explain O
why O
the O
deposition B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
varied O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
despite O
the O
lignin B-Compound
contentbeing O
reduced O
much O
. O

Several O
histo O
- O
chemical O
and O
biochemical O
studies O
have O
reported O
the O
pres O
- O
ence O
of O
endogenous O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
in O
lignifying O
cells O
( O
Olson O
and O
Varner O
1993 O
) O
. O

Characterization O
of O
cis O
- O
elements O
in O
their O
promoters O
hinted O
at O
hormonal O
regulation O
of O
SWNs B-CommonName
, O
speci O
fi O
cally O
by O
GA B-Compound
and O
auxin B-Compound
. O

The O
heatmaps O
were O
visualized O
by O
TBtools O
0 O
. O
6669 O
. O

The O
primers O
used O
for O
genotyping O
are O
391 O
listed O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
S1 O
. O

It O
remains O
to O
be O
investigated O
why O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
specific O
antibodies O
did O
not O
detect O
the O
presence O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
proteins O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Red O
and O
blue O
colors O
indicate O
predicted O
domains O
. O

De O
novo O
characterization O
of O
the O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
( O
Cunninghamia B-Species
lanceolata I-Species
) O
transcriptome O
and O
analysis O
of O
candidate O
genes O
involved O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

TUNEL O
is O
a O
marker O
of O
free O
3 O
' O
- O
OH O
ends O
of O
DNA O
that O
accumulate O
during O
different O
kinds O
of O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
processes O
. O

2 O
Silicon O
, O
sugar O
, O
and O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
and O
sheaths B-Location
of O
rice B-Species
grown O
under O
? O
Si O
/ O
- O
Si O
conditions O
for O
4 O
weeks O
. O

Given O
that O
xylan B-Compound
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
patterns O
have O
an O
effect O
on O
SCW B-Compound
properties O
, O
altering O
the O
patterns O
may O
yield O
bene O
fi O
cial O
SCW B-Compound
traits O
for O
industrial O
applications O
such O
as O
biore O
fi O
nery O
or O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
and O
fermentation B-Process
. O

In O
sp B-CommonName
, O
the O
flowering B-Process
time O
of O
the O
primary B-Location
shoot I-Location
is O
normal O
but O
sympodial O
units O
become O
progressively O
shorter O
until O
the O
compound O
shoot B-Location
is O
terminated O
by O
two O
sequential O
inflorescences B-Location
. O

Relative O
quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
the O
target O
gene O
expression O
level O
was O
calcu O
- O
lated O
using O
2 O
Ct O
methods O
exactly O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Schmittgen O
and O
Livak O
2008 O
) O
. O

This O
apparent O
discrepancy O
might O
re O
fl O
ect O
the O
complex O
mode O
of O
regulation O
of O
some O
TFs O
, O
which O
can O
have O
a O
dual O
function O
depending O
on O
their O
expression O
level O
( O
dose O
- O
dependent O
effect O
) O
and O
the O
abundance O
of O
additional O
regulator O
pro O
- O
teins O
. O

9 O
) O
and O
spatially O
extending O
the O
number O
of O
lignified O
cell O
layers O
( O
Fig O
. O

SND2 B-CommonName
, O
a O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
gene O
, O
regulates O
genes O
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
fibres B-Location
and O
increases O
fibre B-Location
cell I-Location
area O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

PAD4 B-CommonName
, O
LSD1 B-CommonName
and O
EDS1 B-CommonName
de O
fi O
ciency O
altered O
the O
xylem B-Location
accumulation B-Process
and O
physical O
parameters O
of O
wood B-Compound
. O

The O
dashed O
lines O
referred O
to O
the O
sequence O
which O
was O
not O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
by O
PCR O
. O

Our O
analysis O
suggests O
that O
the O
average O
length O
of O
3 O
' O
UTR O
in O
both O
Populus B-Species
and O
Eucalyptus B-Species
is O
over O
400 O
bp O
. O

The O
full O
- O
length O
DUF1218 B-CommonName
- O
containing O
proteins O
varied O
from O
163 O
to O
257 O
amino O
acids O
in O
length O
. O

Arrow O
heads O
indicate O
the O
signal O
in O
developing B-Location
interfascicular I-Location
fi I-Location
bres I-Location
in O
( O
b O
) O
. O

tomentosa I-Species
, O
eight O
lncRNAs O
exhibited O
epistatic O
effects O
with O
15 O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
, O
which O
contributed O
to O
the O
302 O
a O
2018 O
The O
Authors O
. O

Among O
those O
genes O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
rsw12 B-CommonName
there O
is O
a O
statistically O
signi O
fi O
cant O
higher O
number O
of O
genes O
containing O
introns O
than O
would O
be O
expected O
on O
the O
basis O
of O
the O
proportion O
of O
such O
genes O
in O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
genome O
, O
suggesting O
but O
not O
con O
fi O
rming O
a O
link O
of O
the O
heli B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
case I-CommonName
to O
splicing O
. O

By O
contrast O
, O
fewer O
orthologs O
were O
found O
among O
members O
of O
all O
other O
maize B-Species
gene O
families O
with O
Arabidopsis B-Species
genes O
, O
with O
more O
associated O
with O
synthesis B-Process
of O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
than O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
Table O
2 O
, O
Additional O
file O
1 O
: O
Dataset O
1 O
) O
. O

First O
, O
the O
decreased O
thickness O
of O
the O
scleren B-Location
- I-Location
chyma I-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
reported O
in O
fra8 B-CommonName
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
was O
also O
observed O
in O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
nodes B-Location
( O
Figs O
. O

The O
route O
to O
caffealdehyde B-Compound
via O
CCR B-CommonName
is O
functional O
in O
Medicago B-Species
, O
but O
it O
is O
not O
clear O
if O
it O
is O
operational O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
D O
and O
E O
) O
Phloroglucinol O
staining O
results O
of O
transverse O
sections O
of O
leaf B-Location
blades I-Location
. O

AP2 B-CommonName
/ O
ERF B-CommonName
Transcription O
Factor O
, O
Ii049 B-CommonName
, O
positively O
regulates O
lignan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
isatis B-Species
indigotica I-Species
through O
activating O
salicylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
signaling O
and O
Lignan B-Compound
/ O
Lignin B-Compound
pathway O
genes O
. O

Roots B-Location
were O
ground O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
then O
homogenized O
with O
75 O
% O
ethanol O
in O
ice O
bath O
for O
20 O
min O
. O

These O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
is O
localized O
in O
the O
nucleus O
, O
which O
is O
consistent O
with O
its O
predicted O
function O
as O
a O
transcription O
factor O
. O

5 O
, O
the O
phenotypic O
traits O
were O
correlated O
with O
the O
12 O
module O
pro O
fi O
les O
as O
well O
as O
with O
2184 O
variables O
contained O
in O
these O
modules O
( O
2148 O
DEGs O
and O
36 O
DAMs O
) O
. O

Eukaryotic O
ribosome O
biogenesis B-Process
, O
mainly O
based O
on O
studies O
in O
yeast B-Species
, O
is O
a O
complicated O
process O
that O
can O
be O
roughly O
described O
as O
two O
connected O
phases O
, O
ribosome O
assembly B-Process
and O
nuclear O
export O
of O
ribosomal O
subunits O
[ O
19 O
] O
. O

Thirty O
plants O
from O
L1 O
and O
L5 O
grown O
in O
each O
condition O
were O
used O
for O
the O
analysis O
. O

Moreover O
, O
quantitative O
polymerase O
chain O
reaction O
analysis O
in O
atprx52 B-CommonName
plants O
showed O
a O
general O
downregulation O
of O
genes O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
, O
as O
well O
as O
genes O
related O
to O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

( O
B O
) O
idealised O
cases O
Figure O
2 O
continued O
on O
next O
page O
Kirchhelle O
et O
al O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
petioles O
were O
longer O
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
than O
in O
the O
control O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

A O
root B-Location
- O
specific O
up O
- O
regulation O
of O
AtPAO5 B-CommonName
was O
addi O
- O
tionally O
observed O
following O
treatment O
with O
IAA B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

After O
paraf O
- O
fin O
bathing O
, O
tissues O
were O
embedded O
in O
paraffin O
blocks O
for O
sectioning O
( O
8 O
mu O
m O
) O
. O

The O
strongest O
up O
- O
regulation O
was O
observed O
in O
the O
expression O
of O
the O
AtMC9 B-CommonName
homolog O
MA_10430487g0010 O
. O

However O
, O
the O
links O
between O
flowering B-Process
and O
reprogramming B-Process
of O
the O
shoot B-Location
system O
during O
floral O
transition O
, O
as O
well O
as O
the O
genetic O
and O
molecular O
bases O
for O
the O
growth B-Process
termination O
functions O
of O
florigen B-Compound
, O
remain O
unknown O
. O

In O
poplar B-Species
, O
putative O
orthologs O
for O
22 O
of O
them O
were O
clustered O
in O
wood B-Compound
- O
related O
modules O
together O
with O
SCW B-Compound
genes O
( O
Table O
S5 O
) O
. O

The O
upward O
growth B-Process
and O
transpiration O
of O
terrestrial O
plants O
present O
challenges O
to O
water O
transport O
capacity O
. O

Quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
revealed O
that O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
gene O
. O

To O
determine O
the O
effect O
of O
the O
interaction O
in O
vivo O
, O
we O
conducted O
a O
transactivation O
activity O
assay O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
protoplasts O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
Designer O
lignins B-Compound
: O
harnessing O
the O
plasticity O
of O
lignification B-Process
. O

ACCESSION O
NUMBERS O
Sequence O
data O
from O
this O
article O
can O
be O
found O
in O
the O
GenBank O
/ O
EMBL O
data O
libraries O
under O
the O
following O
accession O
numbers O
: O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
( O
MG256389 O
) O
, O
ATAF1 B-CommonName
( O
AT1G01720 O
) O
, O
WAK1 B-CommonName
( O
AT1G21250 O
) O
. O

We O
aligned O
the O
coding O
sequences O
to O
their O
corresponding O
genomic O
sequences O
to O
obtain O
the O
exon O
- O
intron O
structures O
of O
the O
COMT B-CommonName
genes O
. O

Zhang O
, O
2013 O
Polymorphic O
simple O
sequence O
repeat O
( O
SSR O
) O
loci O
within O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
PtoCesA B-CommonName
) O
genes O
are O
associated O
with O
growth B-Process
and O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
Populus B-Species
tomentosa I-Species
. O

Studies O
have O
focused O
on O
understanding O
the O
molecular O
events O
for O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
conifers B-Species
. O

Thus O
, O
the O
strategy O
to O
fuse O
the O
transcriptional O
activation O
domain O
to O
the O
candidate O
transcription O
factor O
was O
advantageous O
to O
identify O
potential O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
regulators O
lacking O
suf O
- O
fi O
cient O
transcriptional O
activation O
ability O
. O

Molecular O
Plant O
Pathology O
17 O
( O
1 O
) O
: O
96 O
- O
107 O
. O
The O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
E3 B-CommonName
Ligase I-CommonName
Subunit O
Affects O
Anther B-Location
and O
Root B-Location
Secondary B-Compound
Cell I-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Thickenings B-Process
by O
Mediating O
Turnover O
of O
a O
Cinnamoyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
Reductase I-CommonName
1 O
[ O
OPEN O
] O
Pratikshya O
Borah O
and O
Jitendra O
P O
. O

Gene O
expression O
and O
transactivation O
activity O
assays O
revealed O
that O
IIP4 B-CommonName
negatively O
regulates O
the O
expression O
of O
MYB61 B-CommonName
and O
CESAs B-CommonName
but O
does O
not O
bind O
their O
promoters O
. O

The O
Dual O
- O
Luciferase O
Reporter O
Assay O
System O
kit O
( O
E1910 O
, O
Promega O
) O
was O
used O
to O
detect O
the O
fl O
uorescence O
from O
LUC O
and O
Renilla O
( O
REN O
) O
luciferase O
with O
Prom O
- O
ega O
GloMax O
20 O
/ O
20 O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
transcriptional O
activators O
CBF1 B-CommonName
, O
CBF2 B-CommonName
, O
and O
CBF3 B-CommonName
have O
matching O
functional O
activities O
. O

All O
of O
these O
results O
suggested O
that O
the O
composition O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
reconstituted O
by O
the O
chimeric O
activators O
differed O
from O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
. O

Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
| O
www O
. O
frontiersin O
. O
org O
11 O
March O
2018 O
| O
Volume O
9 O
| O
Article O
272 O
Seyfferth O
et O
al O
. O

Expression O
levels O
of O
these O
transcripts O
were O
measured O
using O
qPCR O
in O
0 O
mM O
and O
100 O
mM O
salt O
stress O
after O
1h O
and O
24h O
in O
APX B-CommonName
over O
- O
expressing O
Line O
( O
APX B-CommonName
) O
. O

This O
file O
comprises O
two O
worksheets O
, O
the O
first O
provides O
details O
on O
all O
26 O
global O
trans O
- O
eQTL O
hotspot O
loci O
identified O
by O
, O
whereas O
the O
second O
provides O
details O
on O
the O
global O
hotspot O
loci O
with O
which O
the O
hotspot O
loci O
identified O
in O
this O
study O
overlap O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Relationships O
between O
micronaire O
, O
fi O
neness O
and O
ma O
- O
turity O
. O

AtMYB103 B-CommonName
was O
expressed O
at O
high O
level O
in O
developing B-Location
metaxylem I-Location
cells I-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
, O
in O
which O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
occurs O
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
MYB31 B-CommonName
/ O
MYB42 B-CommonName
syn O
- O
telogs O
exhibit O
divergent O
regulation O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
genes O
in O
maize B-Species
, O
sor B-Species
- I-Species
ghum I-Species
and O
rice B-Species
. O

Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
has O
been O
shown O
to O
be O
282 O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
- O
MYB B-CommonName
- O
based O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
network O
( O
Ohtani O
283 O
and O
Demura O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

E O
) O
Application O
of O
PISA O
together O
with O
auxin B-Compound
, O
4 O
DAA O
. O

The O
ease O
of O
genetic O
manipulation O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Arrows O
point O
to O
the O
fiber B-Location
initial O
( O
f O
) O
or O
the O
uninitiated O
cell O
( O
nf O
) O
. O

GUS O
activity O
driven O
by O
the O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
promoter O
was O
visualized O
during O
early O
seedling O
development B-Process
of O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
( O
PtrMX3pro O
: O
: O
GUS O
) O
. O

Upon O
induction O
of O
SCW B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
this O
complemented O
line O
, O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
localized O
to O
numerous O
punctae O
which O
streamed O
through O
the O
cytoplasm O
, O
consistent O
with O
Golgi O
localization O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Perhaps O
due O
to O
this O
difference O
, O
we O
failed O
to O
complement O
the O
yeast B-Species
NMD3 B-CommonName
mutant O
with O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
, O
even O
though O
they O
have O
a O
significantly O
high O
protein O
sequence O
similarity O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
and O
S7 O
) O
. O

( O
1995 O
) O
Wood B-Compound
relative O
density O
development B-Process
in O
red B-Species
pine I-Species
( O
Pinus B-Species
resinosa I-Species
Ait O
. O
) O
stands O
as O
affected O
by O
different O
initial O
spacings O
. O

After O
16 O
weeks O
of O
growth O
in O
the O
greenhouse O
, O
the O
height O
and O
stem B-Location
diameter O
5 O
cm O
from O
the O
root O
collar O
was O
measured O
for O
all O
trees O
. O

BS1F O
indicates O
the O
complementary O
transgenic O
rice O
plants O
. O

Stem B-Location
gene O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
. O

In O
stems B-Location
in O
primary B-Process
growth I-Process
, O
arabinan B-Compound
occurred O
mainly O
in O
phloem B-Location
and O
to O
some O
extent O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
indicated O
that O
the O
snap O
- O
dragon O
RAD B-CommonName
- O
DRIF1 B-CommonName
interaction O
led O
to O
the O
sequestration O
of O
DRIF1 B-CommonName
in O
the O
cytosol O
, O
whereas O
DRIF1 B-CommonName
was O
localized O
to O
the O
nucleus O
upon O
interaction O
with O
DIV B-CommonName
. O

The O
rev B-CommonName
- O
5 O
loss O
- O
of O
- O
function O
mutant O
was O
described O
in O
ref O
. O

Intercellular O
communication O
and O
subsequent O
intracellular O
sig O
- O
nalling O
have O
been O
shown O
to O
be O
required O
for O
the O
regulation O
of O
meristem B-Location
/ O
procambium B-Location
/ O
cambium B-Location
activity O
due O
to O
developmental O
programmes O
. O

www O
. O
pnas O
. O
org O
/ O
cgi O
/ O
content O
/ O
short O
/ O
1714422114 O
4 O
of O
11 O
Fig O
. O

Academic O
press O
, O
San O
Diego O
Somerville O
C O
( O
2006 O
) O
Cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
higher O
plants O
. O

The O
material O
used O
to O
determine O
the O
level O
of O
expression O
is O
not O
derived O
from O
the O
material O
used O
to O
determine O
lignin B-Compound
. O

First O
- O
strand O
DNA O
synthesis B-Process
was O
per O
- O
formed O
with O
oligo O
( O
dT O
) O
anchor O
primer O
and O
Superscript O
III O
reverse O
transcriptase O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
according O
to O
the O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instruc O
- O
tions O
. O

Further O
, O
15 O
days O
of O
drought O
was O
critical O
point O
for O
pad4 B-CommonName
- O
5 O
, O
since O
this O
genotype O
was O
unable O
to O
regenerate O
despite O
rewatering O
( O
Fig O
. O

Data O
analysis O
The O
tracheid B-Location
production O
rate O
( O
rate O
; O
tracheids B-Location
day O
- O
1 O
) O
was O
calcu O
- O
lated O
by O
first O
fitting O
an O
asymptotic O
sigmoid O
Gompertz O
function O
( O
Zeide O
1993 O
, O
Rossi O
et O
al O
. O

In O
plants O
, O
the O
MYB B-CommonName
R2R3 B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
by O
far O
the O
most O
abundant O
of O
the O
MYB B-CommonName
classes O
. O

thaliana O
( O
ecotype O
Columbia O
, O
Col O
- O
0 O
) O
lines O
were O
germinated O
directly O
on O
soil O
. O

Density O
- O
related O
phenotypes O
( O
WD O
, O
EWD O
, O
TWD O
and O
LWD O
) O
had O
two O
signi O
fi O
cant O
associations O
detected O
for O
the O
intercept O
. O

First O
we O
con O
fi O
rmed O
the O
over O
- O
expression O
of O
CLE44 B-CommonName
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

Right O
: O
kymographs O
of O
325 O
- O
s O
movies O
of O
GFP O
- O
CC1DN120 B-CommonName
and O
tdT O
- O
C6 O
expressing O
cells O
from O
which O
frames O
are O
presented O
in O
left O
panel O
. O

Samples O
consisted O
of O
four O
repli O
- O
cates O
for O
each O
condition O
, O
and O
each O
replicate O
was O
the O
combination O
of O
two O
250 O
ml O
fl O
asks O
containing O
100 O
ml O
of O
812 O
Plant O
Cell O
Rep O
( O
2009 O
) O
28 O
: O
811 O
- O
830 O
123 O
cells O
pooled O
together O
before O
freezing O
in O
liquid O
N O
2 O
after O
6 O
h O
of O
contact O
with O
the O
inhibitors O
. O

EIN3D B-CommonName
and O
11 O
ERFs B-CommonName
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
hub O
TFs O
in O
a O
tissue O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
manner O
. O

The O
later O
onset O
of O
PCD B-Process
in O
fibres B-Location
may O
be O
attributed O
to O
the O
weaker O
activation O
of O
PCD B-Process
genes O
by O
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
slower O
accumulation O
of O
the O
necessary O
enzymes O
to O
prompt O
cellular O
degradation B-Process
45 O
, O
46 O
. O

Among O
these O
, O
twenty O
were O
already O
detected O
in O
the O
microarray O
ex O
- O
periment O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Alignment O
of O
the O
vrlk1m780 O
, O
vrlk1m780c760 O
- O
1 O
and O
148 O
vrlk1m780c760 O
- O
2 O
sequences O
containing O
the O
CRISPR O
/ O
Cas9 O
target O
site O
. O

ND O
helped O
with O
the O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
analysis O
. O

I O
am O
not O
familiar O
with O
some O
of O
the O
techniques O
used O
, O
such O
as O
DART O
assay O
and O
thermophoresis O
, O
but O
the O
genetic O
evidence O
coupled O
with O
the O
mutagenesis O
and O
characterisation O
of O
the O
mutant O
phenotypes O
looks O
very O
convincing O
and O
demonstrate O
that O
that O
Endosidin O
is O
a O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
inhibitor O
that O
binds O
in O
the O
active O
site O
of O
the O
CESA B-CommonName
protein O
. O

A O
part O
of O
the O
wheat B-Species
TaCOMT1 B-CommonName
gene O
was O
even O
able O
to O
down O
- O
regulate O
COMT B-CommonName
activity O
in O
tobacco B-Species
( O
Ma O
& O
Xu O
2008 O
) O
. O

2003 O
) O
, O
suggest O
that O
At1g32490 O
and O
At2g35340 O
reside O
Fig O
. O

We O
therefore O
conclude O
that O
BdPTAL1 B-CommonName
is O
preferentially O
involved O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
S O
- O
units O
and O
wall B-Compound
bound O
4CA B-Compound
in O
planta O
, O
but O
is O
not O
preferentially O
involved O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
chlorogenic B-Compound
acid O
. O

* O
Xuelian O
He O
, O
Mingying O
Liu O
and O
Guirong O
Qiao O
analyzed O
the O
data O
. O

Transcriptome O
sequencing O
, O
assembly O
and O
annotation O
RNA O
- O
seq O
libraries O
were O
made O
from O
2 O
ug O
RNA O
from O
each O
of O
these O
samples O
using O
TruSeq O
RNA O
sample O
prep O
kit O
( O
Illu O
- O
mina O
) O
as O
per O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instruction O
. O

The O
remaining O
TFA O
and O
released O
monosaccharides O
were O
washed O
out O
with O
3 O
ml O
of O
isopropanol O
. O

Chlorosis O
developed O
after O
the O
leaves B-Location
had O
fully O
expanded O
, O
followed O
by O
necrosis B-Process
, O
which O
increased O
in O
severity O
during O
growth B-Process
( O
Figure O
1C O
) O
. O

D O
and O
its O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ortholog O
encode O
master O
transcriptional O
switches O
that O
induce O
programmed B-Process
death I-Process
of O
stem B-Location
pith I-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
by O
activating O
autolytic O
enzymes O
. O

Yes O
Peptide B-CommonName
7 I-CommonName
TTDFPKNPPH O
AT2G38080 O
IRREGULAR B-CommonName
XYLEM I-CommonName
12 I-CommonName
( O
IRX12 B-CommonName
) O
, O
laccase B-CommonName
activity O
, O
Laccase B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
Peptide O
abundant O
only O
under O
the O
induced O
condition O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
its O
regulation O
. O

Tubes O
were O
centrifuged O
for O
1 O
min O
at O
maximum O
speed O
. O

Chen O
) O
, O
jiangjiafu O
@ O
njau O
. O
edu O
. O
cn O
( O
J O
. O

Measurement O
of O
the O
RER O
and O
SER O
and O
Statistical O
Analysis O
For O
a O
detailed O
description O
of O
RER O
and O
SER O
measurements O
, O
see O
Table O
S2 O
. O

Stress O
tolerance O
in O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
. O

( O
A O
and O
B O
) O
CSC O
tracks O
in O
single O
frames O
and O
time O
projections O
for O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
A O
) O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
B O
) O
visualized O
using O
GFP O
: O
: O
CESA3 B-CommonName
and O
YFP O
: O
: O
CESA7 B-CommonName
, O
respectively O
. O

10 O
, O
2020 O
Accept O
with O
minor O
revision O
TPC2020 O
- O
00202 O
- O
BR1 O
1 O
st O
Revision O
received O
: O
Apr O
. O

Poplar B-Species
18S O
rRNA O
was O
used O
as O
reference O
gene O
in O
the O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
transcript O
expression O
analysis O
. O

The O
differences O
in O
gene O
expression O
on O
treatment O
by O
GA B-Compound
or O
NAA O
are O
re O
fl O
ected O
in O
anatomy O
of O
Populus B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

However O
, O
the O
suppression O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
stronger O
in O
LTF1 B-CommonName
AA O
OE O
than O
in O
LTF1OE O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
9 O
) O
. O

( O
DOC O
) O
Figure O
S7 O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
does O
not O
complement O
the O
yeast B-Species
tempera O
- O
ture O
sensitive O
nmd3 B-CommonName
mutant O
. O

The O
present O
report O
shows O
the O
identification O
and O
characterization O
of O
PrMADS10 B-CommonName
. O

Consistent O
with O
this O
hypothesis O
, O
Schrick O
et O
al O
. O

MapMan O
analysis O
of O
stress O
- O
response O
genes O
expressed O
in O
lignin B-Compound
modified O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
in O
comparison O
to O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
. O

Although O
the O
dwarfism O
( O
Figure O
4C O
, O
D O
) O
could O
be O
caused O
by O
numerous O
defects O
, O
lack O
of O
veins O
in O
the O
petal O
( O
Figure O
4J O
, O
K O
) O
suggested O
a O
possible O
defect O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
. O

Further O
mutant O
analysis O
showed O
decreased O
xylan B-Compound
content O
, O
especially O
in O
rice B-Species
culm O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
extra O
phenolic B-Compound
acids I-Compound
ac O
- O
cumulated O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
the O
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
( O
Fig O
. O

Inter O
- O
estingly O
enough O
, O
this O
marker O
compound O
for O
free O
ferulic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
incorporation O
in O
lignins B-Compound
was O
also O
released O
in O
higher O
amounts O
from O
the O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutant O
( O
Table O
2C O
and O
Supplemental O
Fig O
- O
ure O
4 O
) O
. O

A O
zinc O
finger O
transcription O
factor O
ART1 B-CommonName
regulates O
multiple O
genes O
implicated O
in O
aluminum B-Process
tolerance I-Process
in O
rice B-Species
. O

propose O
that O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
controls O
growth B-Process
direction O
by O
changing O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
' O
s O
mechanical O
properties O
at O
the O
edge O
where O
two O
cell O
faces O
meet O
. O

a O
Height O
from O
the O
soil O
surface O
to O
the O
tip O
of O
the O
top O
leaf B-Location
. O

5 O
O O
and O
P O
and O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

As O
shown O
in O
Figure O
4 O
, O
inflorescence B-Location
elongation B-Process
was O
inhibited O
significantly O
in O
DN O
plants O
, O
but O
was O
increased O
slightly O
in O
OE O
plants O
, O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

A O
related O
a O
/ O
b O
hydrolase B-CommonName
gene O
, O
HYPOSENSITIVE B-CommonName
TO I-CommonName
LIGHT I-CommonName
/ O
KARRIKIN B-CommonName
INSENSITIVE2 I-CommonName
( O
HTL B-CommonName
/ O
KAI2 B-CommonName
) O
, O
herein O
designated O
HTL B-CommonName
, O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
play O
a O
role O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
germination B-Process
( O
8 O
) O
. O

MeJA B-Compound
can O
enhance O
disease O
resistance O
by O
stimulating O
plant O
defense O
mechanisms O
. O

The O
MRM O
analysis O
of O
the O
D O
- O
labeled O
standards O
was O
performed O
on O
a O
Shimadzu O
GCMS O
- O
TQ8030 O
triple O
quadrupole O
GC O
/ O
MS O
/ O
MS O
. O

Plant O
Pathol O
62 O
: O
867 O
- O
878 O
Trenberth O
KE O
( O
2011 O
) O
Changes O
in O
precipitation O
with O
climate O
change O
. O

I O
, O
Co O
- O
IP O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
homodimerization O
. O

Specific O
spatiotemporal O
expression O
patterns O
may O
be O
due O
to O
their O
different O
functions O
. O

Our O
analyses O
showed O
that O
expression O
levels O
of O
almost O
all O
the O
genes O
tested O
were O
higher O
in O
the O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
- O
CRISPR O
lines O
than O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
rice B-Species
. O

| O
Substrate O
promiscuity O
of O
HCT B-CommonName
and O
lignin B-Compound
reduction O
Downloaded O
from O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
academic O
. O
oup O
. O
com O
/ O
pcp O
/ O
article O
- O
abstract O
/ O
57 O
/ O
3 O
/ O
568 O
/ O
2461033 O
by O
National O
Taiwan O
University O
Library O
user O
on O
03 O
July O
2020 O
biological O
funneling O
and O
chemical O
catalysis O
. O

Blue O
text O
indicates O
the O
closest O
Arabidopsis B-Species
homolog O
to O
the O
maize B-Species
gene O
is O
similarly O
expressed O
constitutively O
or O
in O
elongating O
rind O
tissues O
, O
and O
red O
text O
indicates O
that O
the O
closest O
Arabidopsis B-Species
homolog O
to O
the O
maize B-Species
gene O
is O
similarly O
expressed O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
forming O
tissues O
Penning O
et O
al O
. O

Matrix O
polysaccharide O
composition O
of O
S B-Location
- I-Location
roots I-Location
, O
plant O
roots B-Location
, O
stems B-Location
and O
leaves B-Location
expressed O
as O
relative O
abundance O
. O

After O
methanol O
induction O
samples O
of O
culture O
medium O
were O
collected O
at O
daily O
intervals O
, O
cleared O
by O
centrifugation O
, O
and O
10 O
mu O
l O
of O
supernatant O
were O
filtered O
and O
loaded O
. O

A O
stress O
- O
related O
function O
of O
clade O
III O
members O
is O
plausible O
due O
to O
their O
low O
expression O
levels O
( O
Guil O
- O
laumie O
et O
al O
. O

Wierzbicki O
1 O
, O
Nanette O
Christie O
1 O
, O
Desr O
e O
Pinard O
1 O
, O
Shawn O
D O
. O

Samples O
were O
mounted O
in O
50 O
% O
Glycerol O
and O
imaged O
on O
a O
Zeiss O
LSM O
510 O
or O
a O
Leica O
SP5 O
using O
excitation O
of O
514 O
nm O
. O

PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
Briefly O
Co O
- O
Occur O
but O
Have O
Different O
Velocities O
at O
the O
Plasma O
Membrane O
During O
Xylem B-Location
Vessel I-Location
Transdifferentiation B-Process
. O

2009 O
) O
and O
the O
transport O
speci O
fi O
city O
of O
SIPs B-CommonName
is O
largely O
unknown O
. O

The O
tss_groups O
. O
count_Dataset O
resulting O
from O
the O
Cuffnorm O
command O
was O
used O
as O
original O
data O
for O
differentially O
expressed O
( O
DE O
) O
gene O
analysis O
. O

Genomic O
duplication O
problems O
for O
unrooted O
gene O
trees O
. O

RLP44 B-CommonName
controls O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
a O
BRI1 B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
manner O
by O
directly O
interacting O
with O
PSKR1 B-CommonName
and O
promoting O
its O
in O
- O
teraction O
with O
BAK1 B-CommonName
. O

Conclusions O
In O
conclusion O
, O
our O
observations O
provide O
novel O
insights O
regarding O
the O
cellular O
mechanisms O
underlying O
auxin B-Compound
canalization B-Process
- O
mediated O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
formation B-Process
and O
regeneration B-Process
. O

2 O
MUM2 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
transcript O
abundance O
in O
7 O
DPA O
transgenic O
seeds B-Location
. O

We O
postulate O
that O
SND2 B-CommonName
overexpression O
could O
increase O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
within O
a O
limited O
range O
of O
overexpression O
, O
relying O
in O
part O
on O
the O
abundance O
of O
additional O
regulator O
proteins O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
down O
- O
regulated O
CCR B-CommonName
activity O
by O
RNA O
interference O
employing O
a O
small O
fragment O
of O
LpCCR1 B-CommonName
. O

In O
wild O
type O
banana B-Species
plants O
no O
GUS O
staining O
was O
observed O
in O
any O
organ O
suggesting O
absence O
of O
non O
speci O
fi O
c O
GUS O
like O
activity O
in O
banana B-Species
plants O
while O
strong O
and O
constitutive O
GUS O
staining O
was O
observed O
in O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
harboring O
P O
CaMV35S O
: O
GUS O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
Tubulin O
gene O
437 O
was O
used O
as O
a O
reference O
. O

Nucleotide O
diversity O
and O
LD O
in O
PtoCesA4 B-CommonName
, O
sampled O
from O
the O
P B-Species
. I-Species

It O
is O
not O
clear O
whether O
these O
two O
compartmentally O
separated O
pathways O
contribute O
to O
the O
same O
end O
- O
point O
metabolites O
. O

Also O
observed O
from O
the O
LC O
- O
MS O
analysis O
were O
several O
peaks O
, O
P1 O
, O
P2 O
and O
P3 O
( O
m O
/ O
z O
= O
401 O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
statistical O
analysis O
, O
an O
independent O
two O
- O
sample O
t O
- O
test O
was O
used O
to O
compare O
the O
differences O
in O
means O
between O
the O
treatments O
. O

pLysS O
strains O
also O
express O
T7 O
lysozyme O
, O
which O
further O
suppresses O
basal O
expression O
of O
T7 O
RNA O
polymerase O
prior O
to O
induction O
, O
giving O
more O
stability O
to O
target O
proteins O
like O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
that O
affect O
cell B-Process
growth I-Process
and O
viability O
as O
we O
found O
during O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
expression O
. O

RNA O
isolation O
and O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
Total O
RNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
leaves B-Location
of O
seedlings O
using O
RNeasy O
plant O
minikit O
( O
Qiagen O
, O
Tokyo O
, O
Japan O
) O
. O

Gene O
prediction O
was O
performed O
using O
Fgenesh O
( O
Salamov O
and O
Solovyev O
2000 O
) O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
is O
spatiotemporally O
controlled O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Global O
analysis O
of O
gene O
expression O
in O
cotton B-Species
fibers B-Location
from O
wild O
and O
domesticated O
Gossypium B-Species
barbadense I-Species
. O

dosa O
: O
Os01t0787600 O
- O
01 O
Os01g0787600 O
; O
Similar O
to O
Salicylic B-CommonName
acid I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
binding I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
. O

Brittle B-CommonName
stalk I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
encodes O
a O
putative O
glycosylphosphatidylinositol O
- O
anchored O
protein O
that O
affects O
mechanical O
strength O
of O
maize B-Species
tissues O
by O
altering O
the O
composition O
and O
structure O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Values O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
) O
. O

This O
may O
be O
facilitated O
by O
gene O
family O
expansion O
and O
specialization O
in O
woody O
plants O
[ O
30 O
] O
. O

on O
January O
19 O
, O
2020 O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
expression O
) O
and O
ERECTA B-CommonName
( O
physically O
interacting O
with O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
) O
. O

LTF1 B-CommonName
Phosphorylation B-Process
Activates O
Lignin B-Compound
Deposition B-Process
Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
can O
be O
induced O
by O
environmental O
stimuli O
, O
such O
as O
mechanical O
wounding O
. O

The O
PHLOEM B-CommonName
INTERCALATED I-CommonName
WITH I-CommonName
XYLEM I-CommonName
( I-CommonName
PXY I-CommonName
) I-CommonName
receptor I-CommonName
kinase I-CommonName
promotes O
vascular B-Location
cell I-Location
division B-Process
and O
organization O
. O

Therefore O
the O
LOC_Os08g05520 O
was O
the O
CEF1 B-CommonName
gene O
responsible O
for O
the O
mutant O
phenotypes O
described O
above O
. O

The O
angle O
of O
the O
MFs O
in O
the O
Z O
- O
helix O
gradually O
decreased O
towards O
the O
inner O
wall B-Compound
layers O
, O
varying O
from O
84 O
to O
23 O
deg O
( O
Figure O
6 O
) O
. O

Data O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
15 O
) O
. O

To O
investigate O
the O
possibility O
that O
non O
- O
bona O
fi O
de O
CADs B-CommonName
contribute O
to O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
, O
we O
conducted O
Table O
1 O
List O
of O
CAD B-CommonName
- O
related O
genes O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
the O
rice B-Species
( O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
cv O
. O

1 O
The O
designations O
of O
Populus B-Species
GT43 B-CommonName
genes O
, O
their O
synonyms O
and O
accession O
numbers O
are O
listed O
in O
Table O
S1 O
. O

3c O
, O
d O
) O
, O
con O
- O
firming O
that O
the O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
iaaM B-CommonName
transgene O
improves O
both O
traits O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
CLASP B-CommonName
gene O
encodes O
a O
microtubule O
- O
associated O
protein O
involved O
in O
cell O
expansion B-Process
and O
division B-Process
. O

Little O
is O
known O
about O
localization O
of O
peroxidases B-CommonName
involved O
in O
lignifica B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
. O

2000 O
; O
Sj O
o O
str O
o O
m O
1993 O
; O
Mellerowicz O
and O
Sundberg O
2008 O
; O
Washusen O
and O
Evans O
2001 O
; O
M O
u O
ller O
et O
al O
. O

Over O
10 O
% O
of O
the O
phenotypic O
variance O
could O
be O
accounted O
for O
by O
the O
QTL O
mapped O
for O
CBH O
and O
% O
BARK O
and O
22 O
% O
for O
WSG O
. O

dosa O
: O
Os05t0574600 O
- O
01 O
Os05g0574600 O
; O
Similar O
to O
3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ketoacyl I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
. O

A O
widely O
distributed O
but O
intermediate O
level O
of O
expression O
was O
observed O
for O
the O
ProCesA B-CommonName
( O
2 O
, O
6 O
) O
: O
: O
GUS O
lines O
( O
which O
required O
3 O
h O
to O
show O
strong O
blue O
color O
) O
. O

As O
ROPGEFs B-CommonName
have O
different O
affinity O
to O
different O
ROPs B-CommonName
, O
we O
assumed O
that O
ROPGEF7 B-CommonName
activates O
ROPs B-CommonName
other O
than O
ROP11 B-CommonName
. O

Lane O
4 O
is O
the O
protein O
markers O
for O
molecular O
weight O
. O
Figure O
S6 O
Sequence O
similarity O
of O
AtRPL15 B-CommonName
with O
yeast B-Species
RPL28A B-CommonName
and O
a O
computational O
model O
of O
RPL28A B-CommonName
localization O
in O
the O
ribosome O
Alignment O
of O
AtRPL15 B-CommonName
and O
RPL28 B-CommonName
( O
Yeast B-Species
) O
by O
Fasta33 O
( O
) O
resulting O
in O
62 O
. O
16 O
% O
in O
148 O
aa O
overlap O
. O

The O
dynamic O
structure O
and O
composition O
of O
the O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
determine O
cell O
shape O
while O
controlling O
the O
rate O
and O
direction O
of O
cell O
growth B-Process
. O

8C O
) O
, O
strongly O
indicating O
their O
importance O
in O
tracheid B-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
15 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
7 O
. O

These O
results O
sug O
- O
gest O
that O
the O
inhibition O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
by O
DCB O
not O
only O
induced O
changes O
in O
the O
chemical O
composition O
of O
the O
root B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
cytoskeleton O
structure O
, O
but O
also O
changed O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
micro O
fi O
brils O
, O
implying O
that O
cellulose B-Compound
plays O
an O
important O
role O
in O
root B-Location
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

beta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Glucosidases I-CommonName
and O
glucosyltransferase B-CommonName
in O
lig O
- O
nifying O
tissues O
. O

( O
G O
) O
Expression O
pat O
- O
tern O
of O
315BP O
pPtrSND1 O
- O
1 O
after O
4 O
h O
GA B-Compound
treatment O
. O

To O
minimize O
variation O
due O
to O
environmental O
conditions O
and O
between O
experiments O
, O
all O
plants O
were O
grown O
in O
parallel O
in O
a O
randomized O
design O
. O

The O
enhanced O
lignification B-Process
along O
with O
accumulation B-Process
of O
osmoprotectants O
( O
proline O
and O
soluble O
sugars O
) O
are O
important O
processes O
that O
increase O
salt O
stress O
tolerance O
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Right O
legend O
indicates O
identi O
fi O
ed O
homolog O
genes O
for O
the O
hits O
. O

Individual O
markers O
are O
coloured O
according O
to O
wood B-Compound
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
of O
each O
sample O
, O
with O
the O
colour O
gradient O
spanning O
the O
phenotypic O
range O
of O
the O
sample O
set O
. O

Quantitative O
Reverse O
Transcription O
PCR O
Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
roots B-Location
of O
5 O
day O
old O
seedlings O
. O

Pimpl O
, O
Clathrin O
and O
post O
- O
Golgi O
tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
: O
a O
very O
complicated O
issue O
, O
Trends O
Plant O
Sci O
. O

FRAP O
of O
a O
plasma O
membrane O
surrounding O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
reveals O
YFP O
: O
: O
CESA7 B-CommonName
containing O
Golgi O
and O
closely O
associated O
SmaCC O
pause O
. O

Protein O
- O
protein O
interactions O
and O
metabolite O
channelling O
in O
the O
plant O
tricarboxylic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
cycle O
. O

The O
genes O
in O
cluster O
1 O
dis O
- O
played O
high O
expression O
( O
variance O
stabilized O
transformed O
[ O
VST O
] O
expression O
. O

These O
data O
suggest O
that O
a O
greater O
accumulation B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
occurs O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
stems B-Location
, O
which O
was O
also O
confirmed O
when O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
in O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
was O
measured O
. O

2004 O
, O
Donaldson O
2008 O
) O
; O
however O
, O
studies O
reporting O
opposite O
trends O
( O
higher O
MFA B-Compound
in O
latewood B-Compound
; O
Jakob O
et O
al O
. O

Wild O
type O
Transgenic O
Wild O
type O
Figure O
S7 O
. O

Three O
technical O
replicates O
were O
performed O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
What O
do O
we O
really O
know O
about O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
higher O
plants O
? O
Journal O
of O
Integrative O
Plant O
Biology O
52 O
, O
161 O
- O
175 O
. O

If O
the O
data O
were O
non O
- O
normal O
, O
data O
transformations O
were O
applied O
as O
indicated O
in O
the O
results O
, O
and O
normality O
retested O
as O
described O
above O
. O

The O
degree O
of O
complementation O
was O
variable O
and O
correlated O
with O
the O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
similarity O
between O
the O
homologous O
gene O
products O
and O
MUM2 B-CommonName
. O

Coll O
N O
. O
S O
. O
, O
Epple O
P O
. O

Kroemer O
G O
, O
Galluzzi O
L O
, O
Vandenabeele O
P O
, O
et O
al O
( O
2009 O
) O
Classification O
of O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
Dimerizes O
with O
Each O
of O
the O
Six O
Full O
- O
Size O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
in O
the O
Nucleus O
. O

This O
lack O
of O
CCR B-CommonName
and O
CAD B-CommonName
activities O
not O
only O
impacts O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
but O
also O
severely O
affects O
the O
development B-Process
of O
the O
plants O
. O

SWAM1 B-CommonName
preferentially O
bound O
the O
promoter O
containing O
the O
AC O
- O
II O
element O
, O
but O
not O
the O
mutated O
version O
( O
Figure O
7C O
) O
. O

Annu O
Rev O
Plant O
Physiol O
Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
47 O
: O
299 O
- O
325 O
. O

Acknowledgements O
- O
The O
authors O
would O
like O
to O
thank O
the O
Bio4Energy O
program O
and O
the O
Berzelii O
Centre O
and O
VINNOVA O
for O
generously O
funding O
this O
research O
. O

( O
2010a O
) O
reported O
the O
first O
observation O
on O
possible O
CLPs O
contribution O
to O
zinnia B-Species
transdifferentiation B-Process
/ O
PCD B-Process
in O
vitro O
. O

Full O
- O
length O
and O
partial O
coding O
region O
fragments O
of O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
were O
also O
produced O
by O
PCR O
using O
speci O
fi O
c O
primers O
and O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
complementary O
DNA O
( O
cDNA O
) O
as O
template O
. O

Beads O
were O
then O
resuspended O
in O
20 O
lL O
of O
100 O
% O
ethanol O
, O
and O
pipetted O
onto O
the O
center O
of O
macrocarriers O
. O

6 O
, O
the O
primary O
CesAs B-CommonName
show O
a O
homogeneous O
expression O
in O
roots B-Location
, O
leaves B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
, O
while O
the O
secondary O
display O
a O
higher O
expression O
in O
the O
stems B-Location
. O

The O
cells O
and O
extracellular O
medium O
of O
each O
sam O
- O
ple O
were O
separated O
using O
inert O
sterile O
membranes O
with O
a O
0 O
. O
45 O
u O
m O
pore O
size O
( O
Millipore O
Stericup O
- O
HV O
Filter O
Units O
) O
. O

The O
kinase O
reaction O
was O
terminated O
by O
boiling O
with O
53 O
SDS O
sample O
buffer O
for O
5 O
min O
. O

Two O
drops O
of O
MC O
were O
then O
added O
to O
the O
sample O
, O
which O
was O
then O
washed O
with O
acetone O
. O

2010 O
) O
and O
poplar B-Species
( O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O

This O
could O
explain O
the O
major O
diVerence O
in O
linkages O
between O
native O
lignin B-Compound
and O
the O
products O
from O
in O
vitro O
reactions O
. O

Meents O
, O
a O
, O
b O
Sanya O
Motani O
, O
a O
Shawn O
D O
. O

Color O
- O
coded O
dots O
represent O
the O
classes O
of O
DEGs O
( O
P O
adj O
< O
= O
0 O
. O
1 O
; O
jFC O
> O
2j O
) O
. O

Combined O
with O
the O
quantitative O
RNA O
- O
seq O
analysis O
, O
this O
indicates O
that O
AoIRX9 B-CommonName
is O
playing O
a O
key O
role O
in O
regulating O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
during O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthe B-Process
- I-Process
sis I-Process
in O
Asparagus B-Species
. O

( O
2 O
) O
for O
selected O
cell O
wall B-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
in O
either O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seedlings O
constitutively O
expressing O
the O
VND7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
VP16 O
: O
: O
GR O
or O
VP16 O
: O
: O
GR O
( O
vector O
control O
) O
with O
or O
without O
10 O
u O
M O
dexamethasone O
induction O
for O
4 O
h O
. O

Li O
, O
2010 O
Characterization O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complexes O
in O
Populus B-Species
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

Extended O
callus O
developed O
in O
place O
of O
the O
wound O
in O
both O
of O
the O
mutants O
. O

Microcoring O
was O
initiated O
from O
different O
compass O
directions O
in O
different O
trees O
, O
and O
then O
continued O
circumferentially O
during O
the O
growing O
season O
. O

Plant O
cell O
15 O
: O
2730 O
- O
2741 O
Bo O
XC O
, O
Wang O
SQ O
( O
2005 O
) O
TargetFinder O
: O
a O
software O
for O
antisense O
oli O
- O
gonucleotide O
target O
site O
selection O
based O
on O
MAST O
and O
secondary O
structures O
of O
target O
Mrna O
. O

( O
J O
) O
EuCaN B-CommonName
protein O
level O
detected O
by O
western O
blot O
. O

The O
evolutionary O
analyses O
were O
conducted O
with O
MEGA7 O
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

These O
results O
revealed O
that O
the O
OsGT47A B-CommonName
- O
complemented O
irx10 B-CommonName
irx10L B-CommonName
plants O
restore O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
in O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
vessels B-Location
. O

That O
these O
motifs O
were O
conserved O
was O
confirmed O
by O
analysing O
the O
CESA B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
the O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
groups O
from O
dicot O
( O
Arabidopsis B-Species
) O
and O
monocot O
( O
barley B-Species
, O
maize B-Species
, O
rice B-Species
, O
and O
wheat B-Species
) O
species O
. O

1 O
, O
D O
and O
E O
) O
, O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Fig O
. O

Further O
microarray O
analysis O
indicated O
that O
C3H14 B-CommonName
and O
C3H15 B-CommonName
affect O
anther B-Location
development B-Process
possibly O
by O
regulating O
genes O
related O
to O
pollen B-Location
development B-Process
( O
Chai O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

Carpita O
1 O
, O
2 O
, O
10 O
* O
Abstract O
Background O
: O
The O
cellular O
machinery O
for O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
metabolism B-Process
is O
encoded O
by O
members O
of O
large O
multi O
- O
gene O
families O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
Karahara O
et O
al O
. O

CSCs O
that O
traversed O
the O
microtubules O
interacted O
with O
the O
microtubules O
via O
CSI1 B-CommonName
/ O
POM2 B-CommonName
, O
which O
prompted O
the O
lateral O
microtubule O
displace O
- O
ment O
. O

Both O
PCD B-Process
- O
and O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
Figure O
6 O
. O

The O
FRA8 B-CommonName
and O
IRX12 B-CommonName
are O
involved O
in O
process O
of O
xylan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

These O
results O
suggested O
that O
the O
genetic O
diversity O
and O
functional O
differentiation B-Process
of O
PbPALs B-CommonName
are O
necessary O
for O
plants O
to O
adapt O
to O
the O
environment O
. O

S10 O
Principal O
component O
analysis O
of O
the O
fi O
ve O
module O
eigen O
- O
genes O
. O

PCR O
threshold O
cycles O
for O
genes O
of O
interest O
were O
selected O
in O
the O
beginning O
of O
their O
exponential O
phases O
on O
PCR O
reaction O
curves O
. O

5d O
) O
, O
thus O
validating O
our O
model O
predictions O
. O

Loss O
of O
function O
of O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
did O
not O
restore O
fertility O
, O
rosette B-Location
size O
, O
or O
height O
of O
primary O
in B-Location
- I-Location
florescence I-Location
stems I-Location
in O
the O
ccr1 B-CommonName
mutant O
background O
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
Lp4CL1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
and O
LpCAD1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
, O
regions O
of O
low O
sequence O
similarity O
were O
identi O
- O
fi O
ed O
within O
the O
CDS O
region O
. O

Subsequent O
analysis O
was O
carried O
out O
as O
per O
Brinkmann O
et O
al O
. O

AtPAO5 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
atpao5 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
plants O
additionally O
present O
altered O
cytokinin B-Compound
signaling O
. O

SDs O
indicate O
the O
variability O
observed O
among O
the O
six O
conditions O
of O
copper O
nutrition O
. O

Error O
bars O
represent O
mean O
+ O
- O
SE O
( O
n O
= O
100 O
) O
. O

Peptide O
identification O
from O
extracellular O
medium O
of O
cell O
suspensions O
differentiating O
( O
or O
not O
as O
a O
control O
) O
into O
a O
mixture O
of O
xylem B-Location
tracheary I-Location
elements I-Location
( O
TE B-Location
) O
and O
non B-Location
- I-Location
TE I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

( O
c O
) O
Genomic O
representation O
of O
all O
trans O
- O
eQTLs O
originating O
from O
the O
seven O
hotspots O
affecting O
expression O
of O
genes O
in O
each O
expression O
module O
( O
EM O
) O
. O

SUPPLEMENTARY O
DATA O
Supplementary O
Data O
are O
available O
at O
Molecular O
Plant O
Online O
. O

In O
petioles B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
of O
plants O
transformed O
with O
the O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
- O
5 O
/ O
N O
construct O
( O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
promoter O
, O
NOS O
terminator O
) O
, O
GUS O
expression O
was O
detected O
in O
most O
tissues O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
results O
from O
the O
current O
work O
would O
definitely O
improve O
the O
understanding O
of O
dynamic O
changes O
in O
gene O
expression O
in O
garlic B-Species
during O
salt O
stress O
. O

2 O
) O
, O
the O
difference O
between O
Section O
A O
and O
the O
other O
sections O
is O
largest O
in O
PAL B-CommonName
and O
CCR B-CommonName
, O
with O
expression O
in O
Section O
B O
decreased O
by O
70 O
% O
- O
80 O
% O
and O
by O
more O
than O
90 O
% O
in O
Section O
E O
. O

2007 O
) O
and O
in O
poplar B-Species
at O
the O
transcriptomic O
level O
( O
Moreau O
et O
al O
. O

CsCYT75B1 B-CommonName
, O
a O
Citrus B-Species
CYTOCHROME B-CommonName
P450 I-CommonName
Gene O
, O
Is O
Involved O
in O
Accumulation B-Process
of O
Antioxidant O
Flavonoids B-Compound
and O
Induces O
Drought O
Tolerance O
in O
Transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Apart O
from O
generating O
functionally O
tailored O
proteins O
, O
AS O
could O
also O
affect O
mRNA O
transport O
, O
localization O
and O
sta O
- O
bility O
prior O
to O
protein O
translation O
. O

Conversely O
, O
ratios O
of O
1 O
. O
0 O
or O
less O
indicated O
Fig O
. O

However O
, O
due O
to O
the O
limited O
possibilities O
of O
using O
the O
advantages O
of O
this O
method O
in O
trees O
, O
we O
generated O
several O
independent O
transgenic O
lines O
with O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
inhib O
- O
ited O
poplar B-Species
PAD4 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
order O
to O
obtain O
evidence O
concerning O
this O
gene O
function O
. O

Global O
mapping O
of O
the O
yeast B-Species
genetic O
interaction O
network O
. O

424 O
425 O
RNA O
Analyses O
426 O
Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
the O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
33 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
Arabidopsis B-Species
427 O
wild O
type O
Col O
- O
0 O
and O
myb20 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
42 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
43 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
85 I-CommonName
mutants O
using O
the O
RNeasy O
Plant O
Mini O
Kit O
428 O
( O
QIAGEN O
) O
. O

Total O
RNA O
concentration O
and O
integrity O
were O
determined O
, O
and O
high O
- O
quality O
RNAs O
were O
used O
for O
cDNA O
library O
construction O
. O

consequence O
, O
the O
sample O
was O
excluded O
from O
the O
downstream O
analyses O
. O

Comprehensive O
analysis O
of O
CLE B-CommonName
polypeptide O
signaling O
gene O
expression O
and O
overexpression O
activity O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
AKAP13 B-CommonName
, O
a O
RhoA B-CommonName
GTPase I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
specific I-CommonName
guanine I-CommonName
exchange I-CommonName
factor I-CommonName
, O
is O
a O
novel O
regulator O
of O
tlr2 B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

( O
G O
) O
RNA O
- O
seq O
analysis O
was O
used O
to O
estimate O
the O
transcript O
abundance O
of O
full O
- O
length O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
. O

Plants O
precisely O
control O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
spiral O
or O
annular O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
domains O
during O
protoxylem B-Location
tracheary I-Location
element I-Location
( O
TE B-Location
) O
development B-Process
. O

Protein O
structure O
and O
motif O
identification O
Amino O
acid O
sequence O
similarity O
of O
TaCESA B-CommonName
protein O
sequences O
was O
determined O
by O
multiple O
sequence O
alignment O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www O
. O
genome O
. O
jp O
/ O
tools O
/ O
clustalw O
/ O
) O
. O

4 O
Histochemical O
staining O
of O
rice B-Species
culm B-Location
for O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
and O
OsCOMT B-CommonName
promoter O
activity O
and O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
. O

Smith O
, O
Determination O
of O
symmetric O
and O
asymmetric O
division O
planes O
in O
plant O
cells O
. O

S5B O
) O
, O
and O
xylem B-Location
and O
degenerating O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
of O
65 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
B O
- O
E O
) O
Sugar O
content O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
fractions O
in O
culm B-Location
( O
B O
) O
, O
leaf B-Location
blade I-Location
( O
C O
) O
, O
leaf B-Location
sheath I-Location
( O
D O
) O
and O
root B-Location
( O
E O
) O
at O
2 O
WAH O
. O

To O
determine O
whether O
the O
glucose B-Compound
de O
fi O
ciency O
could O
be O
ascribed O
to O
a O
speci O
fi O
c O
wall B-Compound
polymer O
, O
we O
solubilized O
the O
wall B-Compound
residues O
into O
pectic O
and O
hemicellulosic O
fractions O
and O
determined O
the O
monosaccharide O
compositions O
. O

The O
xylem B-Location
samples O
from O
five O
straight O
plants O
without O
bending O
treatment O
( O
0 O
h O
) O
were O
also O
collected O
at O
the O
same O
time O
and O
taken O
as O
control O
( O
NW O
) O
. O

WT O
plants O
containing O
the O
empty O
vector O
( O
left O
) O
and O
the O
interference O
fragment O
of O
OsCYP96B4 B-CommonName
( O
right O
) O
were O
shown O
. O

We O
also O
found O
that O
the O
DEGs O
that O
were O
up O
- O
regulated O
or O
down O
- O
regulated O
were O
different O
in O
CSILs O
. O

Total O
proteins O
were O
extracted O
from O
the O
stems B-Location
using O
the O
aforementioned O
IP O
buffer O
and O
identical O
amounts O
of O
proteins O
from O
each O
sample O
were O
incubated O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
for O
1 O
h O
with O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
or O
anti O
- O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
antibody O
cou O
- O
pled O
to O
protein O
A O
agarose O
beads O
. O

RNA O
extracted O
from O
the O
10th O
internode B-Location
. O

benthamiana I-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
, O
xylem B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
are O
organized O
in O
radial O
strands O
and O
are O
scattered O
. O

The O
combined O
loss O
of O
dehydrated O
hexose O
and O
dehydrated O
shikimic O
acid O
resulted O
in O
the O
ion O
at O
m O
/ O
z O
179 O
. O
034 O
( O
m O
/ O
z O
179 O
. O
032 O
for O
compound O
4 O
) O
. O

The O
dominant O
- O
negative O
effect O
suppressing O
members O
of O
a O
TF O
family O
was O
first O
reported O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
spruce B-Species
CAD B-CommonName
gene O
promoter O
( O
ProPgCAD B-CommonName
: O
: O
GUS O
) O
was O
also O
activated O
in O
bark B-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
tissues I-Location
after O
wounding O
of O
the O
cambial B-Location
zone I-Location
. O

Several O
of O
these O
were O
related O
to O
secretion B-Process
and O
/ O
or O
endocytosis B-Process
as O
well O
as O
both O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Plants O
with O
at O
least O
one O
co O
- O
transformed O
root B-Location
( O
containing O
both O
Ri O
and O
a O
binary O
vectors O
) O
were O
considered O
as O
positive O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
and O
callose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
organization B-Process
in O
focus O
, O
what O
' O
s O
new O
? O
Curr O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
, O
USA O
110 O
: O
6376 O
- O
6381 O
. O

Genes O
showing O
differential O
expression O
( O
adjusted O
P O
, O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
during O
the O
visual O
appearance O
of O
dead O
earlywood B-Compound
cells O
. O

These O
genes O
were O
mainly O
enriched O
in O
purine B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
, O
starch B-Compound
and O
sucrose B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
, O
plant O
hormone O
signal O
transduction O
, O
and O
MAPK B-CommonName
signaling O
pathway O
( O
Fig O
. O

Both O
PBP1 B-CommonName
and O
TCH3 B-CommonName
bind O
to O
PINOID B-CommonName
( O
PID B-CommonName
) O
, O
a O
Ser B-Compound
/ I-Compound
Thr I-Compound
protein O
kinase B-CommonName
that O
acts O
as O
a O
positive O
regulator O
of O
auxin B-Compound
ef O
fl O
ux O
( O
Lee O
and O
Cho O
2006 O
) O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Model O
of O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
activation O
of O
PSK O
and O
BR B-Compound
signaling O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
thickvein O
mutation O
affects O
vein B-Location
thickness O
and O
organ O
vascularization B-Process
, O
and O
resides O
in O
a O
provascular B-Location
cell I-Location
- O
specific O
spermine B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
involved O
in O
vein B-Location
definition O
and O
in O
polar O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
. O

Based O
on O
these O
reports O
, O
the O
DUF579 B-CommonName
gene O
appears O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
gene O
is O
likely O
to O
be O
a O
negative O
regulator O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

This O
procedure O
permitted O
information O
extraction O
from O
the O
whole O
section O
without O
inference O
or O
data O
loss O
. O

For O
the O
cold O
stress O
condition O
, O
plants O
were O
grown O
at O
a O
constant O
temperature O
of O
5uC O
; O
for O
the O
heat O
stress O
condition O
, O
they O
were O
grown O
at O
28uC O
/ O
32uC O
( O
night O
/ O
day O
) O
; O
for O
the O
salt O
stress O
treatment O
, O
plants O
were O
supplemented O
with O
100 O
mM O
NaCl O
. O

The O
amount O
and O
composition O
of O
lignin B-Compound
varies O
among O
taxa O
, O
cell O
types O
and O
the O
individual O
layers O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

The O
penetration O
rate O
was O
1 O
mm O
/ O
s O
with O
a O
final O
penetration O
depth O
of O
10 O
mm O
. O

In O
other O
cell O
types O
with O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
such O
as O
the O
endothecium B-Location
of O
anthers B-Location
, O
NST1 B-CommonName
was O
also O
found O
to O
activate O
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
, O
in O
this O
case O
redundantly O
with O
NST2 B-CommonName
[ O
23 O
] O
. O

Part O
I O
: O
temporal O
and O
spatial O
distribution O
of O
xylans B-Compound
. O

( O
B O
) O
The O
detail O
motif O
sequences O
. O

Spots O
with O
a O
P O
- O
value O
< O
10 O
- O
3 O
were O
classified O
as O
differen O
- O
tially O
altered O
. O

A O
time O
course O
analysis O
of O
the O
expression O
of O
AtMPK3 B-CommonName
and O
AtMKK9 B-CommonName
was O
performed O
to O
evaluate O
their O
possible O
implication O
in O
TA B-Compound
- O
induced O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

Twelve O
families O
from O
each O
end O
of O
the O
normal O
distribution O
were O
selected O
from O
the O
progeny O
trial O
( O
Figure O
1b O
) O
. O

For O
root B-Location
length O
and O
lateral O
root B-Location
quantification O
, O
ten O
plants O
were O
analyzed O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
Populus B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
VND B-CommonName
/ O
NST B-CommonName
/ O
SND B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

PM O
invaginations O
were O
accompanied O
by O
thick O
extracellular O
deposits O
of O
CW O
material O
( O
Figure O
2A O
, O
asterisk O
) O
, O
which O
were O
pectinaceous O
as O
revealed O
by O
Ruthenium O
red O
staining O
( O
Figure O
2C O
) O
. O

Samples O
were O
diluted O
with O
acetone O
and O
analyzed O
using O
GC O
/ O
MS O
. O

2009 O
) O
, O
and O
9 O
in O
maize B-Species
( O
Brady O
et O
al O
. O

The O
extracellular O
localization O
demonstrated O
for O
Os4BGlu16 B-CommonName
presents O
an O
enigma O
to O
understand O
how O
it O
lowers O
the O
cellular O
monolignol B-Compound
glucoside O
stores O
that O
are O
thought O
to O
reside O
primarily O
in O
the O
vacuole O
, O
suggesting O
that O
our O
understanding O
of O
monolignol B-Compound
glucoside O
transport O
and O
metabolism B-Process
may O
be O
as O
yet O
incomplete O
. O

LAC17 B-CommonName
is O
known O
to O
be O
directly O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
monomer O
polymerization B-Process
, O
and O
lac17 B-CommonName
mutants O
have O
reduced O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
( O
Berthet O
et O
al O
. O

They O
are O
a O
relatively O
simple O
class O
of O
enzymes O
that O
usually O
contain O
two O
aspartic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
residues O
within O
the O
conserved O
Asp O
- O
Thr O
/ O
Ser O
- O
Gly O
motifs O
and O
are O
cru O
- O
cial O
for O
catalytic O
activity O
[ O
1 O
] O
. O

( O
1998 O
) O
Brown B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
midrib I-CommonName
maize I-CommonName
( O
bm1 B-CommonName
) O
- O
a O
mutation O
affecting O
the O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
gene O
. O

Note O
the O
strong O
and O
speci O
fi O
c O
GUS O
activity O
localized O
in O
the O
veins B-Location
of O
the O
leaf B-Location
. O

( O
D O
) O
- O
( O
F O
) O
Cross O
sections O
of O
the O
interfascicular O
regions O
of O
stems B-Location
showing O
a O
reduction O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
in O
esk1 B-CommonName
( O
E O
) O
and O
tbl34 B-CommonName
tbl35 B-CommonName
esk1 B-CommonName
( O
F O
) O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
D O
) O
. O

Robinson O
MD O
, O
Oshlack O
A O
( O
2010 O
) O
A O
scaling O
normalization O
method O
for O
differential O
ex O
- O
pression O
analysis O
of O
RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
a O
second O
neutral O
loss O
of O
204 O
. O
064 O
Da O
leads O
to O
the O
peak O
at O
m O
/ O
z O
335 O
. O
075 O
. O

Distribution O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
in O
the O
10 O
clusters O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Densities O
of O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSCs O
. O

Sequence O
analysis O
of O
KOR B-CommonName
genes O
Five O
Populus B-Species
KOR B-CommonName
( O
PtrGH9A B-CommonName
subfamily O
) O
gene O
sequences O
were O
extracted O
from O
the O
P B-Species
. I-Species

The O
transgenics O
could O
be O
classi O
fi O
ed O
into O
three O
types O
based O
on O
the O
severity O
of O
their O
growth B-Process
phenotypes O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
mutation O
of O
the O
CWA1 B-CommonName
gene O
results O
in O
reduced O
cel B-Compound
- I-Compound
lulose I-Compound
and O
increased O
hemicellulose B-Compound
and O
phenolic B-Compound
compo O
- O
nents O
in O
the O
internodes B-Location
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
tracheids B-Location
were O
not O
only O
arrested O
in O
cellular O
autolysis O
but O
apparently O
still O
alive O
and O
metabolically O
active O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Cross O
- O
section O
of O
the O
debarked O
stem O
from O
the O
17th O
internode O
of O
P O
. O

Gene O
expression O
pattern O
of O
lignin B-Compound
and O
polysaccharide O
biosynthetic O
genes O
across O
developing O
xylem O
and O
phloem O
tissues O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
A O
battery O
of O
transcription O
factors O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
PRONE O
was O
therefore O
fully O
functional O
in O
pit B-Location
patterning B-Process
. O

The O
abundance O
values O
were O
compared O
to O
standard O
curves O
( O
Supplementary O
Figs O
. O

Zobel O
BJ O
, O
Van O
Buijtenen O
JP O
( O
1989 O
) O
Wood B-Compound
variation O
: O
its O
causes O
and O
con O
- O
trol O
. O

Thus O
, O
xylan B-Compound
content O
increased O
in O
older B-Location
internodes I-Location
, O
slightly O
in O
advance O
of O
lignification B-Process
and O
cellulose B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

Still O
, O
the O
DXS B-CommonName
and O
IPPI B-CommonName
genes O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
, O
a O
representative O
dicotyledon O
, O
branched O
separately O
from O
the O
other O
dicotyledon O
sequences O
. O

Conversely O
, O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
resulted O
in O
severely O
dwarf O
plants O
with O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
diminished O
above O
- O
ground O
biomass O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
the O
compound O
is O
annotated O
as O
H B-Compound
( I-Compound
8 I-Compound
- I-Compound
O I-Compound
- I-Compound
4 I-Compound
) I-Compound
ferulate I-Compound
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Determination O
of O
structural O
carbohydrates O
and O
lignin B-Compound
in O
biomass O
. O

165 O
, O
2019 O
and O
gibberellin B-Compound
in O
the O
SCW B-Compound
- O
forming O
zone O
, O
where O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
mature O
and O
deposit O
their O
thick O
SCWs B-Compound
. O

C O
, O
A O
Toluidine O
Blue O
- O
stained O
section O
from O
March O
27 O
, O
2012 O
. O

Auxin B-Compound
levels O
were O
also O
examined O
by O
UPLC O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
in O
vitro O
DNase B-CommonName
activity O
assay O
was O
performed O
according O
to O
Ito O
and O
Fukuda O
( O
2002 O
) O
with O
some O
modi O
fi O
cation O
. O

The O
TCP4 B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
regulates O
trichome B-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
by O
directly O
activating O
GLABROUS B-CommonName
INFLORESCENCE I-CommonName
STEMS I-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
available O
at O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
congenie O
. O
org O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Intron O
splicing O
suppresses O
RNA O
silencing O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Structural O
evidence O
for O
a O
common O
intermediate O
in O
small O
G O
protein O
- O
GEF B-CommonName
reactions O
. O

Deslauriers O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2011 O
Association O
genetics O
of O
wood B-Compound
physical O
traits O
in O
the O
conifer O
white O
spruce O
and O
relationships O
with O
gene O
expression O
. O

Sequence O
Analysis O
of O
IIP4 B-CommonName
and O
IIP B-CommonName
Homologs O
. O

Together O
, O
these O
results O
imply O
that O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
may O
function O
in O
regulating O
SCW B-Compound
bio B-Process
- I-Process
synthesis I-Process
. O

However O
, O
degradation B-Process
was O
not O
seen O
in O
the O
transgenics O
and O
the O
wild O
type O
when O
MG132 O
was O
added O
to O
the O
reactions O
, O
further O
con O
fi O
rming O
that O
degradation B-Process
of O
OsCCR14 B-CommonName
is O
mediated O
by O
the O
26S O
proteasome O
and O
does O
not O
require O
the O
presence O
of O
auxin B-Compound
. O

grandis I-Species
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
, O
most O
of O
which O
are O
inter O
- O
genic O
, O
are O
of O
functional O
signi O
fi O
cance O
to O
gene O
regulation O
in O
this O
tissue O
. O

Based O
on O
the O
T O
- O
DNA O
junction O
survey O
performed O
in O
T2 O
generation O
, O
the O
plots O
in O
Figure O
4a O
were O
further O
grouped O
into O
the O
nonrepeat O
type O
and O
the O
simple O
repeat O
type O
( O
Figure O
4b O
, O
c O
) O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Rela O
- O
tionships O
among O
xylem B-Location
transport O
, O
biomechanics O
and O
storage O
in O
stems B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
of O
nine O
Rhamnaceae B-Species
species O
of O
the O
California O
chaparral O
. O

PIN1 B-CommonName
OE O
line O
4 O
, O
at O
the O
10th O
and O
20th O
internode O
. O

These O
findings O
demonstrate O
that O
there O
are O
two O
separate O
mechanisms O
that O
control O
in O
which O
direction O
root B-Location
cells I-Location
grow O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
irregular B-CommonName
xylem8 I-CommonName
mutant O
is O
de O
fi O
cient O
in O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
and O
homogalacturonan O
, O
which O
are O
essential O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
. O

During O
incubation O
, O
we O
measured O
the O
weight O
loss O
caused O
by O
the O
release O
of O
fermentation O
gases O
and O
the O
ethanol O
content O
in O
the O
broth O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
recently O
demonstrated O
that O
a O
deregulation O
of O
the O
phenolic B-Compound
pathway O
induces O
plant O
dwarf O
- O
ism O
due O
to O
the O
disturbance O
of O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
by O
unusually O
high O
fl B-Compound
avonoid I-Compound
levels O
. O

Pretreatment O
can O
readily O
cleave O
the O
ester O
bonds O
, O
depolymerizing O
the O
lignin B-Compound
( O
step O
d O
) O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
vascular B-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
tissues I-Location
involves O
a O
large O
number O
of O
biosynthetic O
genes O
and O
is O
reg O
- O
ulated O
at O
the O
transcriptional O
level O
[ O
15 O
, O
16 O
] O
. O

Tuskan O
GA O
, O
Difazio O
S O
, O
Jansson O
S O
et O
al O
. O

Phloroglucinol O
and O
toluidine O
blue O
staining O
showed O
a O
size O
reduction O
of O
the O
vascular B-Location
apparatus O
with O
smaller O
and O
disintegrated O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
in O
the O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
of O
the O
loss O
- O
of O
- O
function O
mutant O
. O

The O
brittle O
phenotype O
and O
abnormal O
, O
amorphous O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
cwa1 B-CommonName
were O
completely O
rescued O
by O
introducing O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
BC1 B-CommonName
gene O
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
BC1 B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

The O
most O
obvious O
phenotype O
in O
bsh1 B-CommonName
plants O
was O
the O
brittle B-CommonName
sheath I-CommonName
observed O
at O
6 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
seedlings O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
hierarchical O
clustering O
analysis O
identified O
two O
main O
trends O
in O
response O
to O
abiotic O
stresses O
: O
a O
salt O
/ O
heat O
- O
induced O
and O
a O
cold O
/ O
heat O
- O
repressed O
group O
of O
genes O
. O

Chapple O
, O
Changes O
in O
secondary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
and O
deposition B-Process
of O
an O
unusual O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
ref8 B-CommonName
mutant O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

As O
a O
result O
, O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
overexpression O
in O
poplar B-Species
increased O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
rate O
and O
enhanced O
xylem B-Location
develop B-Process
- I-Process
ment I-Process
, O
suggesting O
that O
the O
processes O
of O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
are O
conserved O
between O
herbaceous O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
woody O
Figure O
5 O
. O

Accumulative O
evidence O
suggested O
that O
the O
regulation O
of O
F5H1 B-CommonName
gene O
ex O
- O
pression O
may O
be O
distinct O
from O
the O
common O
regulation O
of O
other O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

It O
seems O
likely O
that O
the O
FLA12 B-CommonName
and O
COBL4 B-CommonName
proteins O
have O
specific O
properties O
that O
are O
required O
for O
deposition B-Process
of O
the O
highly O
anisotropic O
cellulose B-Compound
microfibrils O
required O
to O
form O
G O
- O
layers O
, O
and O
this O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
complete O
specificity O
of O
expression O
observed O
here O
. O

Phosphorylation O
at O
Thr O
146 O
( O
A O
) O
and O
Thr O
178 O
( O
B O
) O
was O
detected O
in O
the O
reaction O
with O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
and O
PdMKK4 B-CommonName
DD O
, O
but O
not O
detected O
in O
the O
reaction O
without O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
and O
PdMKK4 B-CommonName
DD O
( O
C O
and O
D O
) O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
the O
recombinant O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
is O
likely O
capable O
of O
oxidizing O
monolignols B-Compound
to O
rad O
- O
icals O
, O
which O
undergo O
cross O
- O
coupling O
spontaneously O
to O
form O
more O
complex O
polymers O
. O

Glucosidic O
turnover O
of O
cinnamyl O
aldehydes O
by O
UDPG O
: O
coniferyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
glucosyltransferase I-CommonName
from O
pine B-Species
cambium B-Location
. O

RESULTS O
Promoter O
: O
: O
GUS O
localisation O
All O
lines O
stably O
transformed O
with O
promoter O
: O
: O
GUS O
reporter O
vec O
- O
tors O
were O
examined O
for O
consistency O
, O
and O
two O
were O
used O
for O
detailed O
analysis O
of O
each O
promoter O
. O

Thus O
, O
in O
their O
promoters O
, O
we O
searched O
for O
sequences O
homologous O
to O
the O
consensus O
motifs O
of O
IDD B-CommonName
target O
proteins O
previously O
reported O
( O
Kozaki O
et O
al O
. O

Six O
hundred O
u O
L O
of O
fresh O
NT O
- O
1 O
medium O
was O
added O
immediately O
and O
the O
plates O
were O
incubated O
for O
12 O
h O
in O
the O
dark O
at O
25 O
C O
and O
shaken O
at O
100 O
rpm O
. O

These O
changes O
observed O
in O
lignin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
in O
both O
roots B-Location
and O
anthers B-Location
in O
OsCCR14 B-CommonName
KD O
transgenics O
correspond O
to O
the O
ones O
observed O
for O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
OE O
plants O
, O
thereby O
pro O
- O
viding O
a O
direct O
correlation O
between O
the O
two O
. O

Kim O
D O
, O
Langmead O
B O
, O
& O
Salzberg O
SL O
( O
2015 O
) O
HISAT O
: O
a O
fast O
spliced O
aligner O
with O
low O
memory O
requirements O
. O

We O
demonstrate O
for O
these O
HCTs B-CommonName
a O
conserved O
capacity O
to O
acylate O
with O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaroyl I-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
several O
phenolic O
compounds O
in O
addition O
to O
the O
canonical O
acceptor O
shikimate B-Compound
normally O
used O
during O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

S8 O
, O
dark O
ocher O
squares O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
these O
cells O
had O
undergone O
PCD B-Process
. O

In O
the O
basal O
one O
- O
half O
of O
15 O
- O
cm O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
, O
LBD4 B-CommonName
expression O
was O
unchanged O
in O
tmo6 B-CommonName
relative O
to O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Figure O
3F O
; O
Supplemental O
Table O
3 O
) O
. O

Hydrolysis O
products O
were O
dried O
by O
adding O
isopropanol O
. O

However O
, O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
formed O
SCW B-Compound
exhibiting O
birefringence O
under O
polarized O
light O
. O

Since O
CC1 B-CommonName
can O
directly O
interact O
with O
the O
CesA B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
yeast O
, O
and O
the O
CCs B-CommonName
track O
together O
with O
the O
CSC B-CommonName
in O
the O
plasma O
mem O
- O
brane O
, O
we O
propose O
that O
the O
CCs B-CommonName
constitute O
members O
of O
the O
CSC B-CommonName
. O

In O
an O
attempt O
to O
find O
new O
potential O
regulatory O
components O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
, O
we O
undertook O
a O
genetic O
screen O
using O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
nst1 B-CommonName
nst3 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
as O
a O
background O
. O

Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
49 O
: O
387 O
- O
400 O
Mussig O
C O
( O
2005 O
) O
Brassinosteroid B-Compound
- O
promoted O
growth B-Process
. O

Ca O
2 O
+ O
has O
been O
reported O
to O
play O
important O
roles O
in O
fiber B-Location
elongation B-Process
( O
Lee O
et O
al O
. O

The O
results O
revealed O
that O
the O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppression O
enhances O
GX B-Compound
susceptibility O
to O
acid O
treatment O
and O
increased O
cellulose B-Compound
digestibility O
, O
which O
could O
attribute O
to O
the O
alteration O
of O
GX B-Compound
structure O
in O
the O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
. O

Vascular B-Location
expression O
driven O
by O
the O
spruce B-Species
CAD B-CommonName
gene O
promoter O
The O
reported O
vascular B-Location
GUS O
staining O
determined O
by O
the O
spruce B-Species
CAD B-CommonName
promoter O
is O
in O
agreement O
with O
other O
studies O
in O
different O
angiosperms O
tree O
species O
( O
Feuillet O
et O
al O
. O

The O
altered O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
properties O
in O
tt10 B-CommonName
may O
have O
contributed O
to O
delayed O
germination B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
cDNA O
was O
synthesized O
with O
the O
mRNA O
fragments O
as O
templates O
. O

Therefore O
, O
CCR B-CommonName
is O
considered O
as O
the O
fi O
rst O
key O
enzyme O
in O
the O
biosynthe B-Process
- I-Process
sis I-Process
of O
monolignols B-Compound
and O
it O
serves O
as O
a O
main O
target O
for O
modifying O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
( O
Lacombe O
et O
al O
. O

Anatomical O
analysis O
Xylem B-Location
samples O
were O
collected O
after O
the O
bending O
treatment O
for O
six O
months O
. O

Heteroxylans B-Compound
are O
synthesized O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
( O
GA O
) O
and O
then O
transported O
via O
post O
- O
Golgi O
secretory O
vesicles O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
where O
they O
are O
deposited O
into O
the O
wall B-Compound
[ O
5 O
] O
. O

Monosaccharide O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
by O
alditol B-Compound
acetates B-Compound
( O
excluding O
Glc O
) O
and O
uronic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
contents O
( O
UA O
) O
( O
a O
) O
, O
and O
Klason O
lignin B-Compound
content O
( O
b O
) O
in O
different O
samples O
of O
developing B-Process
secondary B-Location
phloem I-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
in O
tree O
2 O
. O

The O
samples O
were O
mixed O
, O
centrifuged O
and O
incubated O
at O
37 O
deg O
C O
overnight O
. O

The O
Defective O
Nuclear O
Export O
of O
60S O
Ribosomal O
Subunit O
Affects O
the O
Formation B-Process
of O
RER O
in O
the O
Transgenic O
Plants O
and O
May O
be O
Responsible O
for O
the O
Deficient O
Secondary B-Compound
Cell I-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Thickening B-Process
A O
remaining O
question O
is O
how O
the O
defect O
in O
nuclear O
export O
of O
the O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunit O
might O
selectively O
affect O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
. O

To O
verify O
the O
specificity O
of O
each O
primer O
for O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
, O
the O
primers O
were O
checked O
using O
BLAST O
against O
the O
genome O
sequence O
of O
C B-Species
. I-Species

Both O
lignin B-Compound
content O
and O
lignin B-Compound
S O
/ O
G O
ratio O
were O
in O
- O
creased O
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Dennis O
1 O
, O
Danny O
Llewellyn O
1 O
and O
Filomena O
A O
. O

Reducing O
uncertainty O
in O
the O
use O
of O
allometric O
biomass O
equa O
- O
tions O
for O
predicting O
above O
- O
ground O
tree O
biomass O
in O
mixed O
secondary O
forests O
. O

Assaying O
chimeric O
genes O
in O
plants O
: O
the O
GUS O
gene O
fusion O
system O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Signaling O
and O
regulatory O
components O
on O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
to O
nucleus O
in O
mammals O
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
. O

Compared O
with O
SinA B-Compound
binding O
, O
the O
phenol O
ring O
of O
ConA B-Compound
rotated O
~ O
46 O
deg O
in O
an O
anticlockwise O
direction O
along O
C4 O
and O
the O
hydroxyl O
oxygen O
atoms O
of O
ConA B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

Only O
in O
the O
control O
line O
pPIN1 O
: O
: O
PIN1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
PIN1 B-CommonName
- O
positive O
channels O
and O
new O
vasculature B-Location
strands I-Location
developed O
from O
the O
external O
source O
of O
auxin B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
target O
lncRNA B-CommonName
of O
Pto B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
miR167a I-CommonName
was O
also O
predicted O
by O
psRNATarget O
with O
the O
expectation O
< O
= O
5 O
. O
0 O
. O

Measurement O
of O
extracellular O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
influx O
Fresh O
5 O
DPA O
bolls B-Location
of O
the O
RNAi O
lines O
and O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
were O
collected O
at O
the O
same O
position O
on O
the O
plant O
and O
the O
same O
time O
. O

Wild O
- O
type O
cells O
and O
LexA O
: O
: O
NAC1 B-CommonName
cell O
lines O
were O
rarely O
stained O
with O
Evans O
blue O
in O
either O
the O
presence O
or O
absence O
of O
estrogen B-Compound
. O

Lignin B-Compound
determinations O
were O
performed O
as O
described O
by O
Kirk O
and O
Obst O
( O
1988 O
) O
. O

We O
identified O
23 O
genes O
as O
putative O
CbuCOMT B-CommonName
genes O
and O
their O
expression O
levels O
in O
six O
different O
C B-Species
. I-Species

( O
C O
) O
Ratio O
of O
the O
vessel B-Location
area O
to O
the O
total O
area O
in O
WT O
, O
C11 O
, O
C18 O
, O
F1 O
and O
F11 O
. O

Plant O
lines O
used O
in O
this O
study O
. O

Conlon O
HE O
, O
Salter O
MG O
( O
2010 O
) O
Plant O
Protein O
Extraction O
. O

By O
using O
the O
assemblies B-Process
as O
a O
reference O
, O
we O
discovered O
16 O
, O
648 O
and O
9 O
, O
335 O
high O
quality O
putative O
Single O
Nucleotide O
Polymorphisms O
( O
SNPs O
) O
in O
the O
transcriptomes O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Ten O
- O
milligram O
portions O
of O
wood B-Compound
powder O
were O
manually O
ground O
with O
390 O
mg O
FT O
- O
IR O
spectrometry O
grade O
KBr O
( O
Merck O
) O
in O
an O
agate O
mortar O
. O

So O
far O
, O
functional O
evidence O
for O
the O
control O
of O
TE B-Location
PCD B-Process
has O
been O
obtained O
only O
for O
AtMC9 B-CommonName
, O
Zinnia B-Species
elegans I-Species
ZEN1 B-CommonName
( O
the O
homolog O
of O
ENDO1 B-CommonName
) O
, O
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
XCP1 B-CommonName
and O
XCP2 B-CommonName
. O

Differentially O
abundant O
proteins O
of O
the O
same O
protein O
between O
MW O
( O
left O
panel O
) O
and O
JW O
( O
right O
panel O
) O
. O

Roles O
and O
activities O
of O
Aux B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
IAA I-CommonName
proteins O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
A O
) O
Localization O
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
labelled O
with O
WGA O
, O
magenta O
) O
and O
GFP O
- O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
[ O
? O
] O
N O
( O
green O
) O
in O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
cultured O
with O
or O
without O
10 O
u O
M O
taxol O
. O

Exact O
gene O
identities O
can O
be O
extracted O
from O
Supplementary O
Table O
S1 O
. O

Accession O
Numbers O
Microarray O
data O
from O
this O
article O
can O
be O
found O
in O
the O
Gene O
Expression O
Omnibus O
libraries O
under O
accession O
number O
GSE85827 O
. O

AtPrx37 B-CommonName
overexpression O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
were O
transformed O
with O
a O
construction O
containing O
the O
gene O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
under O
the O
control O
of O
the O
CaMV O
35S O
promoter O
. O

QTLs O
possibly O
controlling O
wood B-Compound
density O
have O
been O
identified O
in O
pines O
( O
Kumar O
et O
al O
. O

Reference O
ARFAT B-CommonName
Pos O
- O
153 O
- O
148 O
TGTCTC O
Ulmasov O
et O
al O
. O

Turner O
, O
Identification O
of O
novel O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
using O
expression O
profiling O
and O
reverse O
genetics O
. O

The O
values O
are O
means O
SE O
from O
at O
least O
10 O
measurements O
for O
each O
tissue O
in O
three O
independent O
WT O
and O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Inserts O
show O
magni O
fi O
ed O
views O
of O
developing B-Location
phloem I-Location
fi I-Location
bres I-Location
. O

" O
Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
each O
tissue O
using O
a O
Plant O
Qiagen O
RNeasy O
kit O
( O
Qiagen O
China O
, O
Shanghai O
, O
China O
) O
according O
to O
the O
instructions O
. O

Sensitive O
to O
proton O
rhizotoxicity1 B-CommonName
, O
calmodulin O
476 O
LOU O
ET O
AL O
. O

The O
struc O
- O
tural O
organization B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
may O
be O
associated O
with O
changes O
in O
the O
amount O
and O
composition O
of O
polysaccha O
- O
rides O
deposited O
during O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
( O
Kim O
et O
al O
. O

The O
distance O
between O
mitochondria O
and O
the O
SCW B-Compound
was O
also O
analyzed O
for O
comparison O
, O
as O
mitochondria O
are O
a O
similar O
size O
to O
Golgi O
in O
these O
cells O
. O

The O
" O
- O
" O
and O
" O
+ O
" O
indicate O
without O
and O
with O
Triton O
X O
- O
100 O
treatment O
, O
respectively O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Switchgrass B-Species
( O
Panicum B-Species
virgatum I-Species
) O
possesses O
a O
divergent O
family O
of O
cinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductases I-CommonName
with O
distinct O
biochemical O
properties O
. O

The O
DEGs O
of O
Pn1 O
compared O
with O
the O
other O
four O
cultivars O
were O
enriched O
in O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
and O
death B-Process
and O
also O
involved O
in O
molecular O
function O
such O
as O
kinase O
activity O
, O
nucleotide O
binding O
, O
and O
receptor O
activity O
( O
Figure O
2D O
) O
. O

Mutation O
of O
MtCCR1 B-CommonName
resulted O
in O
drastic O
inhib O
- O
ition O
of O
plant O
growth B-Process
. O

Genome O
- O
wide O
identi O
- O
fication O
of O
calcineurin O
B O
- O
Like O
( O
CBL O
) O
gene O
family O
of O
plants O
reveals O
novel O
conserved O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

REFERENCES O
Arg O
u O
ello O
- O
Astorga O
G O
, O
Herrera O
- O
Estrella O
L O
. O

2015 O
) O
by O
an O
extensive O
RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
set O
from O
a O
fully O
factorial O
experiment O
including O
samples O
from O
three O
Populus B-Species
genotypes O
subjected O
to O
gravitropic O
treatment O
and O
gibberellic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
treatment O
. O

Regulatory O
effect O
of O
cyto B-Compound
- I-Compound
kinin I-Compound
on O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
fiber I-Location
formation B-Process
in O
an O
invivo O
system O
. O

In O
fact O
, O
the O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
prematurely O
shriveled O
and O
the O
siliques B-Location
did O
not O
develop O
normally O
( O
Figure O
3A O
) O
. O

We O
discovered O
that O
cotton B-Species
tissues O
con O
- O
tain O
a O
number O
of O
' O
atypical O
' O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
types O
that O
are O
regu O
- O
lated O
through O
modified O
hierarchical O
gene O
cascades O
that O
have O
diverged O
from O
those O
found O
in O
other O
plants O
. O

( O
d O
) O
Relative O
object O
diameter O
of O
IRX9L B-CommonName
- O
RFP O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
overexpression O
of O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
under O
the O
control O
of O
CaMV O
35S O
promoter O
rendered O
a O
dwarf O
phenotype O
with O
smaller O
plants O
and O
delayed O
development B-Process
. O

MYB75 B-CommonName
, O
BLH6 B-CommonName
, O
and O
OFP4 B-CommonName
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
interactors O
contributing O
to O
negatively O
Figure O
7 O
. O

( O
2015b O
) O
A O
brief O
history O
of O
the O
TDIF B-CommonName
- O
PXY B-CommonName
signalling O
module O
: O
balancing O
meristem B-Location
identity O
and O
differentiation B-Process
during O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
. O

Turner O
, O
Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
novel O
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
involved O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
using O
expression O
pro O
fi O
ling O
and O
reverse O
genetics O
, O
Plant O
Cell O
17 O
( O
2005 O
) O
2281 O
- O
2295 O
. O

4 O
Comparison O
of O
miRNAs O
between O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
H O
) O
Protein O
abundance O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
in O
LTF1OE O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
at O
the O
2 O
- O
month O
and O
8 O
- O
month O
stages O
was O
examined O
by O
immunoblotting O
assay O
( O
upper O
panel O
) O
. O

Different O
letters O
represent O
significant O
differences O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
in O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
MFs O
in O
the O
S O
2 O
layer O
between O
the O
DOYs O
( O
when O
the O
average O
over O
all O
clones O
on O
each O
DOY O
was O
used O
as O
a O
dependent O
variable O
) O
by O
Eq O
. O

Members O
of O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
( O
NAM B-CommonName
, I-CommonName
ATAF1 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
and I-CommonName
CUC I-CommonName
) O
family O
of O
transcription O
factors O
are O
described O
as O
top O
level O
regulators O
of O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
fate O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
SCW B-Compound
) O
deposition B-Process
, O
but O
the O
signals O
initiating O
their O
transcription O
have O
yet O
to O
be O
elucidated O
. O

Green O
arrow O
time O
- O
stamps O
appear O
when O
80 O
% O
of O
the O
initial O
fluorescence O
is O
recovered O
in O
the O
apical O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

Transformation O
of O
banana B-Species
embryogenic O
cells O
yielded O
white O
embryos B-Location
harboring O
either O
of O
( O
B O
) O
P O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
, O
( O
F O
) O
P O
MusaVND2 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
and O
( O
J O
) O
P O
MusaVND3 B-CommonName
: O
GUS O
. O

The O
wilting B-Process
and O
chlorotic O
leaves B-Location
, O
impaired O
photosynthetic O
system O
, O
and O
stunted O
growth B-Process
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
suggest O
that O
these O
plants O
suffer O
water O
stress O
, O
even O
under O
normal O
growth O
conditions O
. O

Seven O
of O
the O
nine O
intronless O
genes O
caused O
cosuppression O
by O
their O
overproduction O
, O
while O
nine O
of O
the O
36 O
intron O
- O
possessing O
genes O
caused O
cosuppression O
( O
Tables O
1 O
and O
S3 O
) O
. O

Phosphorylation B-Process
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
, O
an O
MYB B-CommonName
Transcription O
Factor O
in O
Populus B-Species
, O
Acts O
as O
a O
Sensory O
Switch O
Regulating O
Lignin B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Wood B-Compound
Cells O
. O

AtCESA1 B-CommonName
and I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
were O
highly O
similar O
( O
77 O
- O
79 O
% O
) O
to O
the O
corresponding O
orthologs O
from O
barley B-Species
, O
maize B-Species
, O
rice B-Species
and O
wheat B-Species
. O

Bars O
= O
100 O
mm O
( O
fi O
rst O
, O
third O
, O
and O
fourth O
images O
) O
and O
200 O
mm O
( O
second O
image O
) O
. O

N O
needles B-Location
; O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
: O
P O
periderm B-Location
; O
Ph O
differentiating O
phloem B-Location
; O
X O
differentiating B-Location
xylem I-Location
; O
Root B-Location
tissues I-Location
: O
PPh O
root B-Location
periderm I-Location
with O
differ B-Location
- I-Location
entiating I-Location
phloem I-Location
; O
X O
root B-Location
differentiating I-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

2002 O
; O
Can O
~ O
o O
- O
Delgado O
et O
al O
. O

Diverse O
functions O
and O
reactions O
of O
class B-CommonName
III I-CommonName
peroxidases I-CommonName
. O

Samples O
were O
further O
fi O
xed O
using O
3 O
. O
7 O
% O
formaldehyde O
, O
5 O
% O
acetic O
acid O
and O
50 O
% O
ethanol O
buffer O
. O

Three O
Splice O
Variants O
of O
PtrVND6s B-CommonName
Were O
Identified O
Through O
PCR O
Cloning O
and O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
. O

Genes O
involved O
in O
the O
phosphorylated O
pathway O
of O
serine B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Ho O
et O
al O
. O
, O
1999 O
; O
Ho O
& O
Saito O
, O
2001 O
) O
were O
present O
in O
EM5 O
( O
Fig O
. O

We O
generated O
and O
puri O
fi O
ed O
recombinant O
LTF1 B-CommonName
protein O
using O
an O
Escherichia O
coli O
expression O
system O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

A O
preliminary O
experiment O
showed O
that O
leaf B-Location
water O
potential O
equilibrated O
with O
the O
SWP O
in O
20 O
min O
after O
the O
covering O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Root B-Location
growth B-Process
, O
critical O
for O
sustainable O
growth B-Process
of O
plants O
, O
was O
severely O
affected O
in O
35S O
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
poplars B-Species
, O
as O
reported O
previously O
. O

OsNST1 B-CommonName
was O
cloned O
by O
a O
map O
- O
based O
cloning O
approach O
and O
encodes O
a O
hydrophobic O
protein O
composed O
of O
346 O
amino O
acids O
with O
eight O
TMDs O
that O
was O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
a O
putative O
NST B-CommonName
. O

Callus O
was O
induced O
from O
poplar B-Species
leaves B-Location
and O
grown O
in O
MS O
solid O
medium O
. O

Do O
we O
need O
a O
model O
tree O
? O
Ann O
. O

To O
conclude O
, O
we O
suggest O
that O
the O
AtPAD4 B-CommonName
homolog O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

IIP4 B-CommonName
Is O
Widely O
Expressed O
and O
Works O
as O
ARepressor O
. O

Another O
class B-CommonName
I I-CommonName
TCP I-CommonName
, O
GbTCP B-CommonName
of O
G B-Species
. I-Species

KOR B-CommonName
sequence O
orthologs O
are O
duplicated O
in O
the O
Populus B-Species
genome O
relative O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

We O
experimentally O
demonstrated O
Populus B-Species
EIN3D B-CommonName
function O
in O
ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

( O
E O
) O
Circularity O
( O
2p O
x O
area O
/ O
perimeter O
2 O
) O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
domains O
marked O
with O
tagRFP O
- O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
in O
leaf B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

This O
is O
supposed O
to O
be O
a O
universal O
phenomenon O
that O
promotes O
the O
diversity O
of O
polygenic O
families O
. O

2002 O
) O
strongly O
suppresses O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
elongation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
efforts O
could O
reduce O
competition O
with O
food O
or O
feed O
crops O
for O
water O
and O
other O
resources O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
the O
precise O
impact O
of O
Cu O
availability O
on O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
differentiation B-Process
still O
remains O
poorly O
understood O
. O

Alignment O
of O
the O
C O
- O
terminal O
region O
of O
PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
with O
additional O
selected O
DRIF B-CommonName
homologs O
( O
see O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

Li O
e O
- O
mail O
: O
toshiba O
- O
lily O
@ O
163 O
. O
com O
X O
. O

Based O
on O
the O
fact O
that O
increasing O
the O
expression O
of O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
reduced O
height O
growth B-Process
, O
whereas O
decreasing O
the O
expression O
of O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
signi O
fi O
cantly O
enhanced O
height O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
the O
fact O
that O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
was O
originally O
cloned O
from O
apical B-Location
meristem I-Location
and O
fi O
rst O
internode B-Location
, O
it O
is O
plausible O
to O
assume O
that O
the O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
is O
involved O
in O
regulating O
height O
growth B-Process
by O
lignifying O
apical B-Location
meristems I-Location
and O
fi B-Location
rst I-Location
internodes I-Location
. O

Our O
results O
suggest O
that O
in O
dual O
transgenics O
, O
ROS B-Compound
generated O
during O
salt O
stress O
gets O
converted O
into O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
by O
SOD B-CommonName
and O
its O
optimum O
level O
was O
maintained O
by O
APX B-CommonName
. O

To O
additionally O
determine O
directionality O
and O
sign O
( O
activation O
or O
repression O
) O
in O
the O
net O
- O
work O
, O
we O
constructed O
a O
network O
of O
16 O
key O
nodes O
using O
the O
consensus O
network O
from O
four O
unsupervised O
and O
one O
supervised O
network O
infer O
- O
ence O
method O
. O

Plasmid O
DNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
E O
. O

The O
vector O
was O
transformed O
into O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
nst1nst3 O
double O
mutant O
. O

When O
inside O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
a O
few O
studies O
suggest O
that O
at O
least O
some O
extractives O
are O
covalently O
bound O
to O
the O
structural O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymers O
through O
enzymatic O
activity O
( O
Monties O
, O
1991 O
) O
. O

( O
A O
- O
C O
) O
Semi O
- O
thin O
sections O
of O
stem O
of O
wild O
type O
and O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
. O

Guan O
) O
, O
2014204030 O
@ O
njau O
. O
edu O
. O
cn O
( O
Z O
. O

Real O
- O
time O
quantitative O
polymerase O
chain O
reaction O
( O
PCR O
) O
analysis O
showed O
differential O
expression O
among O
CbuCOMTs B-CommonName
. O

per O
- O
enne O
paralogues O
within O
clade O
I O
of O
each O
gene O
family O
. O

The O
data O
indicated O
that O
although O
the O
transcripts O
of O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
transgene O
were O
highly O
abundant O
, O
which O
veri O
fi O
es O
the O
overexpression O
of O
the O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
gene O
and O
demonstrates O
the O
reliability O
of O
RNA O
- O
seq O
dataset O
, O
none O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic B-Process
genes O
exhibited O
substantial O
changes O
in O
their O
transcript O
abundances O
compared O
with O
those O
of O
the O
control O
set O
. O

The O
kymograph O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
is O
shown O
below O
the O
confocal O
images O
. O

( O
A O
to O
D O
) O
Plasma O
membrane O
area O
encircled O
by O
yellow O
boxes O
is O
magnified O
below O
. O

Multiple O
QTL O
models O
were O
evaluated O
by O
interval O
mapping O
with O
MAPMAKER O
- O
QTL O
and O
by O
multivariate O
linear O
regression O
using O
GLM O
( O
SAS O
1988 O
) O
. O

For O
the O
detection O
of O
sec O
- O
ondary O
negative O
ions O
( O
M O
- O
) O
, O
the O
primary O
bombardment O
selected O
was O
cesium O
. O

Heatmap O
of O
the O
relative O
expression O
levels O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
in O
garlic B-Species
samples O
under O
salt O
stress O
. O

Edges O
connecting O
hotspot O
loci O
to O
processes O
represent O
genes O
within O
the O
process O
that O
are O
affected O
by O
the O
hotspot O
loci O
, O
whereas O
edges O
connecting O
EMs O
to O
hotspot O
loci O
represent O
genes O
in O
EMs O
affected O
by O
hotspot O
loci O
. O

Histochemical O
staining O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
elements O
. O

The O
activated O
ROP11 B-CommonName
recruits O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
to O
induce O
local O
disassembly B-Process
of O
cortical O
microtubules O
. O

All O
genes O
were O
mapped O
to O
GO O
database O
( O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
geneo O
ntolo O
gy O
. O
org O
/ O
) O
as O
reference O
gene O
background O
. O

Di O
ff O
erent O
fractions O
collected O
during O
puri O
fi O
cation O
were O
analyzed O
in O
12 O
% O
SDS O
poly O
acryla O
- O
mide O
gel O
electrophoresis O
( O
PAGE O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

This O
observation O
suggests O
that O
the O
18O O
line O
is O
rich O
in O
S B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
and O
100 O
mM O
salt O
stress O
induces O
higher O
lignification B-Process
. O

Overexpression O
and O
cosuppression O
of O
xylem B-Location
- O
related O
genes O
in O
an O
early O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
stage O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
manner O
by O
the O
AtTED4 B-CommonName
promoter O
Quantitative O
PCR O
analysis O
revealed O
modi O
fi O
ed O
gene O
expression O
levels O
in O
total O
174 O
T3 O
lines O
for O
48 O
genes O
and O
the O
corresponding O
wild O
- O
type O
gene O
expression O
levels O
( O
Figure O
4a O
; O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

Samples O
were O
viewed O
using O
a O
Hitachi O
H7600 O
Transmission O
Electron O
Microscope O
equipped O
with O
an O
Advanced O
Microscopy O
Techniques O
CCD O
camera O
( O
Hamamatsu O
ORCA O
) O
at O
an O
accelerating O
voltage O
of O
80kV O
. O

Asterisk O
marks O
selected O
lines O
for O
further O
analysis O
presented O
in O
this O
study O
. O
Additional O
file O
2 O
. O

Keywords O
: O
ATX1 B-CommonName
Cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
Copper O
de O
fi O
ciency O
Copper O
excess O
Ionomics O
Stem B-Location
. O

The O
values O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
se O
of O
30 O
cells O
from O
three O
independent O
fully O
elongated O
filaments O
. O

The O
neighbour O
- O
joining O
tree O
was O
obtained O
with O
MEGA O
5 O
. O
0 O
software O
and O
ClustalW2 O
alignments O
of O
full O
length O
amino O
acid O
sequences O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
Gateway O
- O
compatible O
vectors O
for O
plant O
functional O
genomics O
and O
proteomics O
. O

The O
PdWND3A B-CommonName
transcript O
level O
was O
measured O
by O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
. O

1 O
Phenotypes O
of O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
cwa1 B-CommonName
mutant O
plants O
. O

Particularly O
in O
unicells O
, O
various O
mixed O
features O
of O
necrotic O
and O
vacuolar O
cell O
deaths O
are O
described O
( O
Yordanova O
et O
al O
. O

These O
data O
support O
a O
scenario O
in O
which O
the O
CMUs B-CommonName
are O
part O
of O
a O
potential O
microtubule O
- O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
tethering O
function O
. O

Eight O
clusters O
were O
obtained O
considering O
only O
sig O
- O
nificant O
spots O
( O
Figure O
1 O
) O
. O

: O
: O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
AmC3H1 O
NITRLAFGKRFVNSEGIMDEQGVEFKAIVTNGLKLGASLAMAEHIPWLRWMFPLEEGAFA O
240 O
AaC3H1 O
NITRLAFGKRFVNSEGIMDEQGVEFKAIVTNGLKLGASLAMAEHIPWLRWMFPLEEGAFA O
240 O
AthC3H O

NITRLAFGKRFMNAEGVVDEQGLEFKAIVSNGLKLGASLSIAEHIPWLRWMFPADEKAFA O
240 O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
: O
* O
* O
: O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
AmC3H1 O

KHGARRDRLTRAIMEEHTQARQRSGGAKQHFVDALLTLQDKYDLSEDTIIGLLWDMITAG O
300 O
AaC3H1 O
KHGARRDRLTRAIMEEHTQARQRSGGAKQHFVDALLTLQDKYDLSEDTIIGLLWDMITAG O
300 O
AthC3H O
EHGARRDRLTRAIMEEHTLARQKSSGAKQHFVDALLTLKDQYDLSEDTIIGLLWDMITAG O

300 O
: O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
* O
: O
* O
. O

The O
inevitable O
problem O
is O
how O
xylan B-Compound
can O
be O
modified O
rather O
than O
hydrolyzed O
by O
WI5 B-CommonName
. O

Plants O
were O
grown O
in O
a O
greenhouse O
under O
natural O
conditions O
. O

Expression O
pattern O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
in O
procambium B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
the O
root B-Location
meristematic I-Location
zone I-Location
. O

Cloning O
and O
characterization O
of O
D O
- O
113 O
gene O
promoter O
from O
cotton B-Species
. O

( O
F O
) O
30 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
GinFT O
plants O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Rosette B-Location
diameters O
and O
Inflorescence B-Location
stem I-Location
length O
of O
progeny O
lines O
( O
both O
homozygous O
and O
heterozygous O
) O
for O
the O
mutant O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
allele O
. O

Fewer O
COMTs B-CommonName
were O
identified O
in O
C B-Species
. I-Species

Plant O
Science O
265 O
( O
2017 O
) O
70 O
- O
86 O
80 O
analyzed O
in O
our O
previous O
work O
which O
suggested O
markedly O
higher O
level O
due O
to O
overexpression O
of O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
[ O
2 O
] O
. O

Figure O
3A O
showed O
that O
the O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
: O
GFP O
fusion O
protein O
was O
colocalized O
to O
DAPI O
- O
staining O
nuclei O
, O
indicating O
that O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
encodes O
a O
nuclear O
- O
localized O
protein O
. O

All O
other O
constructs O
are O
based O
on O
the O
GreenGate O
system O
( O
5 O
) O
. O

Real O
- O
time O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
apple B-Species
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
Real O
- O
time O
PCR O
data O
revealed O
transcriptional O
changes O
for O
several O
CalS B-CommonName
and O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
during O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
development B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

Ann O
Bot O
115 O
: O
1053 O
- O
1074 O
Bergstr O
o O
m O
B O
( O
2003 O
) O
Chemical O
and O
structural O
changes O
during O
heartwood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Pinus B-Species
sylvestris I-Species
. O

Comparison O
of O
predicted O
functional O
domains O
of O
EuCaNs B-CommonName
and O
nucleases B-CommonName
from O
other O
plants O
by O
InterProScan O
software O
. O

Name O
of O
the O
primers O
used O
for O
the O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
study O
, O
with O
the O
respective O
sequences O
. O

To O
further O
examine O
the O
divergence O
and O
selection O
in O
duplication O
of O
Rboh B-CommonName
genes O
, O
the O
Ka O
/ O
Ks O
values O
were O
analyzed O
. O

Discussion O
Previous O
work O
on O
the O
roles O
of O
CLE B-CommonName
peptides O
has O
been O
mainly O
lim O
- O
ited O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
and O
only O
little O
is O
known O
about O
their O
functions O
in O
different O
plant O
species O
, O
including O
trees O
. O

( O
A O
- O
C O
) O
Schematic O
representations O
of O
major O
growth B-Process
habits O
in O
tomato B-Species
. O

( O
b O
) O
The O
relative O
abundance O
of O
the O
arabinofuranosyl O
residues O
shown O
in O
( O
a O
) O
by O
considering O
the O
total O
amount O
of O
three O
arabinofuranosyl O
related O
residues O
as O
1 O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
ThERF1 B-CommonName
from O
the O
halophyte O
Tamarix B-Species
hispida I-Species
regulates O
its O
target O
genes O
by O
( O
c O
) O
2018 O
The O
Authors O
. O

Based O
on O
the O
cluster O
analysis O
of O
the O
weaker O
fiber B-Location
line O
CSIL O
- O
35368 O
, O
we O
hypothesized O
that O
changes O
in O
other O
biochemical O
pathways O
led O
to O
reduced O
fiber B-Location
strength O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

As O
listed O
in O
Table O
1 O
, O
the O
highest O
transacylation B-Process
activity O
was O
found O
in O
using O
16 B-Compound
- I-Compound
hydroxypalmitic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
as O
the O
substrate O
. O

Ct O
expression O
levels O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
from O
the O
five O
stem B-Location
sections O
and O
roots B-Location
( O
n O
= O
5 O
individual O
plants O
per O
tissue O
section O
) O
normalized O
against O
section O
A O
for O
each O
individual O
gene O
is O
shown O
with O
standard O
error O
of O
the O
mean O
. O

Again O
, O
sample O
distribution O
by O
principal O
compo O
- O
nent O
was O
presented O
in O
the O
form O
of O
sample O
factor O
score O
plots O
. O

( O
1995 O
) O
Hairy B-Location
root I-Location
nodulation B-Process
of O
Casuarina B-Species
glauca I-Species
: O
a O
system O
for O
the O
study O
of O
symbiotic O
gene O
expression O
in O
an O
actinorhizal O
tree O
. O

cambial O
cells O
phloem O
fibres O
P O
i O
t O
h O
X O
y O
l O
e O
m O
P O
i O
t O
h O
X O
y O
l O
e O
m O
S O
t O
a O
i O
n O
: O
M O
a O
u O
l O
e O
R O
e O
a O
c O
t O
i O
o O
n O
S O
t O
a O
i O
n O
: O
T O
o O
l O
u O
i O
d O
i O
n O
e O
B O
l O
u O
e O
phloem O
fibres O
Epidermis O
+ O
cortex O
I O
n O
t O
e O
r O
n O
o O
d O
e O
n O
u O
m O
b O
e O
r O
1 O
2 O
3 O
4 O
5 O
6 O
7 O
8 O
Additional O
file O
7 O
Phylogenetic O
tree O
of O
NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
differentially O
expressed O
during O
cotton B-Species
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
. O

Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
65 O
: O
799 O
- O
815 O
Weng O
JK O
, O
Chapple O
C O
( O
2010 O
) O
The O
origin O
and O
evolution O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Overexpression O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
promoted O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
of O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
which O
were O
grown O
in O
either O
short O
day O
( O
SD O
) O
or O
long O
day O
( O
LD O
) O
condition O
, O
or O
treated O
by O
low O
temperature O
or O
GA3 O
. O

Loading O
control O
is O
the O
Rubisco O
band O
stained O
by O
Ponceau O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
29 O
: O
1585 O
- O
1604 O
Takata O
N O
, O
Taniguchi O
T O
( O
2015 O
) O
Expression O
divergence O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
genes O
after O
a O
recent O
whole O
genome O
duplication O
event O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

TBARS O
, O
thiobarbituric O
acid O
reactive O
substances O
. O

The O
results O
indicate O
that O
the O
splice O
variants O
from O
the O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
family O
may O
exert O
reciprocal O
cross O
- O
regulation O
for O
complete O
transcriptional O
regulation O
of O
these O
two O
families O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Top O
300 O
Arabidopsis B-Species
co O
- O
expressed O
genes O
for O
MWL B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
At1g31720 O
) O
from O
ATTED O
- O
II O
represented O
as O
MR O
value O
. O

This O
resulted O
in O
a O
network O
with O
820 O
nodes O
and O
828 O
edges O
. O

S2 O
: O
Correlation O
between O
theoretical O
and O
experimental O
molecular O
weight O
. O

Despite O
the O
progress O
described O
above O
, O
the O
in O
planta O
role O
of O
annexins B-CommonName
in O
fiber B-Location
elongation B-Process
still O
remains O
unclear O
and O
the O
answer O
to O
this O
relies O
on O
functional O
analyses O
in O
transgenic O
cotton B-Species
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
the O
Populus B-Species
DUF579 B-CommonName
family O
proteins O
were O
found O
to O
be O
localized O
in O
different O
cell O
types O
and O
subcellular O
locations O
. O

GhCHIA7 B-CommonName
, O
a O
cotton B-Species
homolog O
of O
AtCTL1 B-CommonName
that O
has O
an O
unknown O
role O
in O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
arabidopsis B-Species
, O
was O
also O
tested O
. O

Available O
online O
at O
: O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
www4 O
. O
ncsu O
. O

Brightfield O
and O
single O
optical O
sections O
of O
YFP O
: O
: O
CESA7 B-CommonName
, O
RFP O
: O
: O
TUB6 B-CommonName
in O
VND7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
GR O
seedlings O
treated O
with O
10 O
mu O
M O
DEX O
and O
0 O
. O
04 O
% O
DMSO O
( O
DMSO O
Control O
) O
or O
10 O
mu O
M O
DEX O
and O
10 O
mu O
M O
DCB O
for O
16 O
hrs O
. O

The O
DB O
fusions O
tested O
are O
indicated O
on O
the O
left O
. O

Transcript O
levels O
in O
rind O
tissues O
from O
internodes B-Location
2 O
- O
9 O
were O
normalized O
and O
grouped O
by O
hierarchical O
clustering O
. O

The O
genome O
of O
the O
pear B-Species
( O
Pyrus B-Species
bretschneideri I-Species
Rehd O
. O
) O
. O

WebLogo O
: O
a O
sequence O
logo O
generator O
. O

However O
, O
anther B-Location
dehiscence B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
( O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
) O
was O
paid O
little O
attention O
until O
recent O
years O
, O
even O
though O
pollination O
is O
an O
irrefutable O
process O
for O
the O
fruc O
- O
ti O
fi O
cation O
of O
grain O
crops O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Deduced O
amino O
acid O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
. O

Additional O
transcription O
factors O
have O
been O
cataloged O
across O
various O
other O
plant O
species O
. O

In O
stems B-Location
in O
primary B-Process
growth I-Process
, O
xyloglucan B-Compound
was O
present O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
of O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
; O
mostly O
in O
the O
protoxylem B-Location
, O
developing O
phloem B-Location
, O
and O
the O
hypodermis B-Location
( O
Figure O
5G O
) O
. O

This O
solitary O
genetic O
origin O
, O
unique O
among O
plant O
hormones O
, O
instituted O
florigen B-Compound
as O
a O
protein O
hormone O
universally O
encoded O
by O
FT O
orthologs O
, O
thus O
resolving O
the O
apparently O
conflicting O
paradigms O
. O

Monosaccharide O
composition O
analysis O
was O
performed O
three O
times O
. O

Other O
GhRbohs B-CommonName
were O
less O
expressed O
or O
not O
expressed O
during O
growth B-Process
of O
ovules B-Location
and O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

4 O
Immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
DNase O
I O
hypersensitive O
sites O
( O
DHSs O
) O
are O
positively O
associated O
with O
gene O
transcription O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
. O

Protein O
and O
transcript O
abundance O
for O
speci O
fi O
c O
monolignol B-Compound
genes O
showed O
signi O
fi O
cant O
positive O
linear O
relationships O
( O
Fig O
. O

All O
these O
ten O
genes O
are O
down O
- O
regulated O
. O

Donaldson O
LA O
( O
2001 O
) O
Ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
and O
lignin B-Compound
topochemistry O
: O
an O
ultra O
- O
structural O
view O
. O

3A O
, O
the O
sucrose B-Compound
contents O
at O
three O
time O
- O
points O
presented O
nonsignificant O
differences O
compared O
with O
NW O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1073 O
/ O
pnas O
. O
0706592104 O
PMID O
: O
17878302 O
; O
PubMed O
Cen O
- O
tral O
PMCID O
: O
PMC2000526 O
. O

Tang O
e O
- O
mail O
: O
twxrosexyz O
@ O
163 O
. O
com O
Y O
. O

Cellular O
aspects O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
Vol O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Structural O
and O
kinetic O
basis O
for O
substrate O
selectivity O
in O
Populus B-Species
tremuloides I-Species
sinapyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
. O

This O
indicated O
the O
presence O
of O
a O
cellulosic O
G O
- O
layer O
in O
TW O
. O

Ectopic O
Expression O
of O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
Accumulation B-Process
of O
Aromatics B-Compound
in O
Root B-Location
and O
Seed B-Location
Suberins B-Compound
of O
the O
Resulting O
Transgenic O
Plants O
. O

GAPDH B-CommonName
and O
autophagy B-Process
preserve O
survival O
after O
apoptotic O
cytochrome O
c O
release O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
caspase B-CommonName
activation O
. O

TFUL2 B-CommonName
is O
consistently O
activated O
by O
all O
forms O
of O
florigen B-Compound
( O
Figs O
. O

Phylogeny O
of O
Populus B-Species
( O
Salicaceae B-Species
) O
based O
on O
nucleotide O
sequences O
of O
chloroplast O
TRNT O
- O
TRNF O
region O
and O
nuclear O
rDNA O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
leaves B-Location
, O
which O
were O
examined O
by O
a O
CCD O
camera O
3 O
days O
later O
. O

Spectra O
showed O
different O
absorbance O
values O
, O
in O
particular O
the O
peak O
associated O
with O
H O
2 O
O O
in O
the O
fi O
rst O
overtone O
region O
for O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
stage O
1 O
- O
B O
and O
fruit B-Location
stage O
3 O
- O
B O
( O
Fig O
. O

Within O
the O
fiber B-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
there O
were O
distinc O
- O
tive O
and O
mutually O
exclusive O
localization O
patterns O
, O
with O
PRX64 B-CommonName
in O
cell O
corners O
and O
the O
middle O
lamella O
and O
LAC4 B-CommonName
throughout O
the O
thick O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
layers O
. O

" O
Genetic O
improvement O
of O
poplar B-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
spp O
. O
) O
as O
a O
bioenergy O
crop O
, O
" O
in O
Genetic O
Improvement O
of O
Bioenergy O
Crops O
, O
ed O
. O

Highly O
variable O
class O
- O
specific O
regions O
( O
C O
- O
SRs O
) O
present O
in O
different O
CesAs B-CommonName
were O
used O
to O
differentiate O
the O
homoeologous O
genes O
from O
each O
other O
( O
Fig O
1 O
) O
. O

Both O
WOX14 B-CommonName
and O
TMO6 B-CommonName
were O
required O
for O
the O
very O
highest O
levels O
of O
LBD4 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
wild O
tobacco B-Species
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
5A O
) O
. O

We O
then O
de O
- O
fined O
these O
1301 O
TFs O
as O
wood B-Compound
- O
forming O
- O
related O
TFs O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
1 O
. O

B O
) O
Non O
induced O
stem B-Location
of O
XVE O
> O
> O
AUXILIN B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
LIKE2 I-CommonName
mutant O
, O
6 O
DAW O
. O

Acknowledgments O
: O
This O
work O
was O
funded O
by O
the O
DOE O
Great O
Lakes O
Bioenergy O
Research O
Center O
( O
DOE O
Basic O
Energy O
Research O
Office O
of O
Science O
DE O
- O
FC02 O
- O
07ER64494 O
) O
. O

If O
the O
ANOVA O
showed O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
difference O
, O
Tukey O
HSD O
post O
hoc O
analysis O
was O
conducted O
to O
identify O
signi O
fi O
cant O
differences O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Schematic O
representation O
of O
the O
bioactive O
peptide O
identification O
workflow O
. O

Plates O
were O
then O
removed O
from O
the O
chamber O
and O
under O
sterile O
conditions O
, O
10 O
ml O
of O
10 O
mu O
M O
dexamethasone O
( O
Sigma O
) O
in O
sterilized O
distilled O
deionized O
water O
was O
added O
on O
the O
plates O
for O
VND7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
GR O
induction O
and O
control O
treatments O
( O
for O
proCESA3 O
: O
: O
GFP O
: O
: O
CESA3 B-CommonName
in O
cesa3 B-CommonName
( O
je5 O
) O
seedlings O
) O
. O

We O
ascribe O
this O
disparity O
to O
the O
fact O
that O
the O
er O
- O
124 O
sobir1 B-CommonName
- O
13 O
( O
Col O
- O
0 O
) O
mutant O
is O
not O
a O
null O
mutant O
. O

Immunolocalization O
showed O
that O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
was O
detected O
specifically O
in O
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
but O
not O
in O
other O
types O
of O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

To O
assess O
complex O
activity O
we O
therefore O
also O
measured O
the O
GFP O
- O
CesA3 B-CommonName
movement O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
using O
Imaris O
analyses O
of O
spinning O
- O
disc O
confocal O
image O
series O
15 O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Phylogenetic O
tree O
of O
the O
deduced O
peptide O
sequences O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
and O
other O
WRKYs B-CommonName
from O
sorghum B-Species
, O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
. O

At O
least O
10 O
independent O
trans O
- O
genic O
plants O
were O
examined O
and O
a O
consistent O
GUS O
staining O
pattern O
was O
observed O
. O

Transcript O
- O
level O
analyses O
were O
not O
performed O
for O
line O
CCRas O
5 O
- O
3 O
because O
of O
the O
low O
quality O
of O
the O
RNA O
obtained O
, O
which O
could O
not O
be O
resampled O
and O
extracted O
a O
second O
time O
because O
the O
plant O
died O
after O
the O
fi O
rst O
sampling O
. O

Nucleic O
Acids O
Research O
34 O
( O
Web O
Server O
issue O
) O
: O
W293 O
- O
W297b O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
nar O
/ O
gkl031 O
. O

2014 O
) O
or O
abiotic O
responses O
( O
Ding O
et O
al O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
substitution O
levels O
of O
xylan B-Compound
, O
an O
indicator O
of O
solubility O
, O
were O
substantially O
lower O
in O
the O
basal O
section O
and O
increased O
from O
base O
to O
apex O
in O
both O
fresh O
and O
stored O
spears B-Location
( O
S1 O
Table O
) O
. O

A O
robust O
CRISPR O
/ O
Cas9 O
system O
for O
convenient O
, O
high O
- O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
multiplex O
genome O
editing O
in O
monocot O
and O
dicot O
plants O
. O

The O
abundance O
of O
two O
compounds O
, O
both O
oligolignols B-Compound
containing O
G O
and O
S O
units O
, O
was O
reduced O
in O
each O
mutant O
allele O
( O
com O
- O
pounds O
28 O
and O
29 O
; O
figs O
. O

High O
auxin B-Compound
response O
was O
also O
observed O
in O
pre O
- O
existing O
vasculature B-Location
( O
green O
asterisks O
) O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
reported O
that O
xth31 B-CommonName
mutants O
are O
more O
resistant O
to O
Al O
toxicity O
in O
comparison O
with O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
plants O
by O
reducing O
Al O
binding O
to O
hemicelluloses B-Compound
. O

Garlic B-Species
cloves O
that O
were O
about O
29 O
days O
old O
from O
each O
treatment O
were O
harvested O
and O
stored O
at O
- O
80 O
deg O
C O
until O
further O
analysis O
. O

hirsutum I-Species
cv O
R15 O
genomic O
DNA O
and O
ligated O
to O
the O
fi O
re O
fl O
y O
luciferase O
( O
LUC O
) O
reporter O
gene O
with O
the O
primers O
listed O
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
10 O
) O
. O

A O
putative O
soybean B-Species
ortholog O
of O
PXC1 B-CommonName
, O
GmLRK1 B-CommonName
gene O
has O
been O
studied O
in O
some O
detail O
[ O
26 O
] O
. O

The O
promoter O
fragment O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
( O
1927 O
bp O
) O
was O
ligated O
upstream O
of O
the O
GUS O
gene O
, O
after O
removing O
the O
35S O
promoter O
in O
pBI221 O
to O
create O
the O
reporter O
construct O
. O

meristem O
| O
cambium B-Location
| O
xylem B-Location
| O
wood B-Compound
development B-Process
T O
he O
development B-Process
of O
multicellular O
organisms O
is O
determined O
by O
the O
integration O
and O
coordination O
of O
multiple O
growth B-Process
pro O
- O
grams O
. O

By O
17 O
- O
20 O
dpa O
, O
the O
transition O
phase O
occurs O
and O
it O
is O
de O
fi O
ned O
as O
the O
end O
of O
cell O
elongation B-Process
and O
the O
beginning O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

Normalization O
allowed O
us O
to O
pool O
the O
cells O
from O
all O
sections O
from O
a O
given O
time O
point O
and O
perform O
relative O
comparisons O
between O
them O
. O

PR5 B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
induced O
by O
different O
phytopathogens O
in O
many O
plants O
and O
share O
significant O
sequence O
similarity O
with O
thaumatin O
- O
like O
protein O
( O
Han O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

CbuCOMT2 B-CommonName
contained O
no O
introns O
, O
whereas O
CbuCOMT9 B-CommonName
had O
five O
, O
indicating O
that O
gene O
structure O
may O
not O
be O
conserved O
among O
CbuCOMT B-CommonName
family O
members O
( O
Fig O
. O

We O
are O
grateful O
to O
Professor O
Zhaojun O
Ding O
( O
Shandong O
University O
, O
China O
) O
for O
critical O
reading O
of O
the O
manuscript O
. O

2 O
Northerns O
: O
Col O
rsw12 O
Col O
rsw12 O
Col O
rsw12 O
At3g02480 O
At4g38410 O
At4g02290 O
A O
temperature O
- O
sensitive O
allele O
of O
a O
putative O
mRNA O
splicing O
helicase B-CommonName
down O
- O
regulates O
many O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
genes O
and O
causes O
radial O
swelling B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
Plant O
Molecular O
Biology O
Paul O
A O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
SND1 B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
- O
directed O
quantitative O
functional O
hier O
- O
archical O
genetic O
regulatory O
network O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

Wiley O
, O
New O
York O
Scheible O
WR O
, O
Pauly O
M O
( O
2004 O
) O
Glycosyltransferases B-CommonName
and O
cellwall B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
: O
novel O
players O
and O
insights O
. O

Meta O
- O
analysis O
of O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
quality O
QTLs O
across O
diverse O
environments O
in O
a O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
x O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Therefore O
, O
cwa1 B-CommonName
large O
vas B-Location
- I-Location
cular I-Location
bundles I-Location
show O
disruption B-Process
in O
deposition B-Process
and O
assembly B-Process
of O
phenolic B-Compound
components O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
similar O
to O
that O
observed O
in O
their O
cortical B-Location
Wbers I-Location
. O

ANOVA O
and O
phenotypic O
correlations O
for O
these O
nine O
traits O
in O
these O
two O
populations O
were O
reported O
by O
Tian O
et O
al O
. O

( O
1997 O
) O
Osmotic O
stress O
suppresses O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
stiffening B-Process
and O
the O
increase O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
bound O
ferulic O
and O
diferulic B-Compound
acids I-Compound
in O
wheat B-Species
coleoptiles B-Location
. O

Scale O
bars O
= O
5 O
cm O
in O
( O
C O
, O
E O
, O
F O
) O
and O
1 O
cm O
in O
( O
D O
) O
. O

further O
identi O
fi O
ed O
a O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
localized O
SuSy B-CommonName
putatively O
involved O
in O
providing O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
for O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
callose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
from O
extracellular O
sugars O
( O
Brill O
et O
al O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
describe O
the O
identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
char O
- O
acterization O
of O
a O
potential O
promoter O
, O
PtrMX3 B-CommonName
that O
is O
speci O
fi O
c O
to O
MX O
tissue O
using O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
plants O
expressing O
promoter O
: O
: O
GUS O
constructs O
. O

In O
this O
paper O
, O
we O
con O
fi O
rmed O
that O
TUNEL O
labeled O
DNA O
fragmentation O
was O
detected O
in O
TEs B-Location
, O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
ray O
parenchyma B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Xylem B-Location
vessel I-Location
morphology O
of O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
and O
KNOX2 B-CommonName
mutant O
plants O
. O

To O
address O
these O
two O
possibilities O
, O
we O
have O
taken O
a O
reverse O
genetics O
approach O
to O
systemically O
target O
and O
disrupt O
all O
the O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Probing O
with O
the O
anti O
- O
IIP4 B-CommonName
antibody O
revealed O
that O
no O
IIP4 B-CommonName
proteins O
were O
detected O
in O
mutants O
. O

INTRODUCTION O
Cellulose B-Compound
is O
one O
of O
the O
most O
abundant O
organic O
polymers O
in O
nature O
and O
is O
the O
principal O
component O
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
providing O
most O
of O
its O
tensile O
strength O
( O
Baskin O
, O
2005 O
; O
Cosgrove O
, O
2005 O
) O
. O

Optical O
sections O
showing O
GFP O
( O
top O
row O
, O
green O
in O
overlay O
) O
and O
propidium O
iodide O
( O
central O
row O
, O
red O
in O
overlay O
at O
bottom O
) O
were O
collected O
with O
similar O
settings O
for O
all O
images O
. O

In O
this O
report O
, O
we O
investigated O
the O
functional O
role O
of O
a O
rice B-Species
gene O
homologous O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRREGULAR B-CommonName
XYLEM10 I-CommonName
( O
IRX10 B-CommonName
) O
, O
belonging O
to O
the O
glycosyl B-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
( I-CommonName
GT I-CommonName
) I-CommonName
gene I-CommonName
family I-CommonName
47 I-CommonName
( O
GT47 B-CommonName
) O
, O
in O
the O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
xylan B-Compound
. O

Korbei O
B O
, O
Luschnig O
C O
( O
2013 O
) O
Plasma O
membrane O
protein O
ubiquitylation O
and O
degrada B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
as O
determinants O
of O
positional O
growth B-Process
in O
plants O
. O

No O
differences O
in O
PpCESA B-CommonName
expression O
patterns O
were O
seen O
during O
this O
4 O
- O
day O
time O
course O
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
examined O
their O
stain O
accumulation B-Process
( O
in O
their O
permeability O
test O
) O
within O
2 O
days O
. O

ulmoides I-Species
DNA O
fragmentation O
, O
a O
marker O
of O
PCD B-Process
, O
was O
tested O
during O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
cell I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
E B-Species
. I-Species

Therefore O
, O
FLA12 B-CommonName
is O
supposed O
to O
be O
a O
key O
regulator O
in O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
although O
its O
precise O
function O
still O
remains O
unknown O
. O

DSC O
analysis O
led O
us O
to O
the O
conclusion O
that O
not O
only O
reduced O
amount O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
but O
also O
its O
less O
compact O
structure O
caused O
minor O
thermal O
effects O
during O
the O
decom B-Process
- I-Process
position I-Process
of O
transgenic O
plants O
' O
wood B-Compound
. O

A O
genetic O
linkage O
map O
of O
a O
hybrid O
poplar B-Species
com O
- O
posed O
of O
RFLP O
, O
STS O
, O
and O
RAPD O
markers O
TAG O
. O

The O
independent O
origin O
of O
S B-Compound
lignins I-Compound
in O
different O
clades O
, O
along O
with O
the O
differential O
localiza O
- O
tion O
in O
diverse O
tissues O
, O
points O
to O
a O
major O
role O
in O
plant O
physiology O
. O

The O
constructed O
libraries O
were O
qualified O
and O
quantified O
using O
an O
Agilent O
2100 O
Bioanaylzer O
and O
the O
ABI O
StepOnePlus O
Real O
- O
Time O
PCR O
System O
and O
then O
sequenced O
via O
Illumina O
HiSeq O
4000 O
. O

A O
total O
of O
14 O
independent O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
generated O
and O
six O
of O
them O
were O
confirmed O
to O
overexpress O
PdWND3A B-CommonName
( O
Additional O
file O
5 O
) O
. O

Promoter O
activity O
is O
evident O
into O
cells O
stained O
in O
red O
, O
indicating O
the O
presence O
of O
a O
suberized O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

The O
poplar B-Species
18S O
rRNA O
was O
used O
as O
an O
internal O
control O
. O

CLE44 B-CommonName
transcript O
appeared O
more O
evenly O
distributed O
among O
the O
tissue O
fractions O
, O
with O
a O
significantly O
lower O
level O
of O
transcripts O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
( O
Additional O
file O
4F O
) O
, O
which O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
recent O
report O
of O
phloem B-Location
- O
specific O
expression O
of O
CLE44 B-CommonName
: O
: O
GUS O
[ O
36 O
] O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
To O
compare O
the O
miRNAs O
in O
xylem B-Location
between O
angiosperm O
and O
gymnosperm O
, O
we O
profiled O
miRNA O
variation O
in O
three O
tissues O
xylem B-Location
, O
phloem B-Location
and O
leaf B-Location
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

For O
volume O
growth B-Process
, O
a O
sequential O
QTL O
mapping O
approach O
was O
applied O
using O
bulk O
segregant O
analysis O
( O
BSA O
) O
, O
selective O
genotyping O
( O
SG O
) O
and O
cosegregation O
analysis O
( O
CSA O
) O
. O

Changes O
in O
enzymatic O
activities O
related O
to O
ammonium O
assimilation B-Process
The O
coordination O
between O
the O
metabolism B-Process
of O
nitrogen O
and O
carbon O
in O
higher O
plants O
is O
well O
known O
. O

Expansion B-Process
and O
diversi O
fi O
cation O
of O
the O
populus B-Species
R2R3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
family O
of O
transcription O
factors O
. O

N O
and O
O O
show O
curved O
carpel O
cells O
of O
the O
AtNMD3DNES B-CommonName
OE O
lines O
( O
O O
) O
, O
compared O
to O
Col O
- O
0 O
( O
N O
) O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
the O
GH16 B-CommonName
xyloglucan B-CommonName
endo I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
b I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
D I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
glucan I-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
hydrolase I-CommonName
superfamily O
. O

Desalted O
6xHis O
- O
CMU O
was O
concentrated O
using O
Macrosep O
( O
r O
) O
Advance O
Centrifugal O
Devices O
( O
Pall O
Corporation O
, O
USA O
) O
with O
a O
30 O
kDa O
molecular O
cut O
- O
off O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
high O
levels O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
occurring O
during O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
SCW I-Compound
development B-Process
, O
cellulose B-Compound
decomposition B-Process
also O
occurs O
during O
the O
remodelling B-Process
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
during O
the O
course O
of O
xylem B-Location
maturation B-Process
and O
lignification B-Process
in O
roots B-Location
. O

Transverse O
section O
of O
roots B-Location
showed O
GUS O
staining O
in O
central O
vascular B-Location
cylinder I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
KORRIGAN1 B-CommonName
and O
its O
aspen B-Species
homolog O
PttCel9A1 B-CommonName
decrease O
cellulose B-Compound
crystallinity O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

All O
the O
data O
are O
the O
means O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
) O
. O

Arrows O
indicate O
the O
curling O
leaves B-Location
of O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Confocal O
microscopy O
revealed O
that O
the O
organisation B-Process
of O
the O
microtubule O
cytoskeleton O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
disrupted O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
low O
concentrations O
of O
DCB O
, O
whereas O
the O
actin O
cytoskeleton O
only O
showed O
changes O
with O
the O
application O
of O
high O
DCB O
concentrations O
. O

( O
1993 O
) O
Brown O
- O
midrib O
genes O
of O
maize B-Species
: O
a O
review O
. O

For O
the O
small O
- O
fragment O
library O
, O
DNA O
fragments O
ranging O
from O
50 O
122 O
bp O
to O
< O
150 O
bp O
across O
all O
DNase O
concentrations O
were O
used O
and O
> O
150 O
bp O
to O
300 O
bp O
for O
123 O
the O
large O
- O
fragment O
library O
( O
Fig O
. O

Physiological O
roles O
of O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
PA B-Compound
in O
the O
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
plays O
important O
roles O
in O
seed B-Location
phys O
- O
iology O
, O
such O
as O
a O
protective O
role O
in O
biotic O
and O
abiotic O
stresses O
( O
reviewed O
in O
Dixon O
et O
al O
. O

Typical O
GUS O
staining O
in O
basal O
stem B-Location
of O
pAtPXC2 O
: O
: O
GUS O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seedlings O
; O
B O
. O

We O
hypothesized O
that O
Populus B-Species
GT43 B-CommonName
genes O
within O
each O
clade O
have O
diversi O
fi O
ed O
by O
acquiring O
novel O
expression O
patterns O
. O

The O
PCA O
analysis O
of O
metabolites O
measured O
by O
untargeted O
metabolomic O
profiling O
showed O
significant O
differences O
between O
control O
and O
salt O
- O
treated O
samples O
( O
Fig O
. O

Samples O
were O
diluted O
with O
acetone O
and O
analyzed O
with O
GC O
/ O
MS O
. O

In O
fact O
there O
are O
seven O
pairs O
of O
homoeologous O
NST B-CommonName
genes O
in O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Cellular O
organisation B-Process
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
root B-Location
. O

Our O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
prevents O
the O
Significance O
Secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
( O
thickening B-Process
of O
stems B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
) O
provides O
the O
mechanical O
support O
that O
plants O
need O
to O
grow O
and O
sustain O
their O
structures O
, O
and O
results O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

How O
to O
cite O
this O
article O
Bewg O
and O
Coleman O
( O
2017 O
) O
, O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
and O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
gene O
expression O
along O
a O
developmental O
gradient O
in O
an O
Australian O
sugarcane B-Species
cultivar O
. O

Contours O
of O
wounded O
stems B-Location
are O
indicated O
with O
dotted O
lines O
. O

1 O
, O
B O
and O
C O
) O
, O
and O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
expression O
was O
detectable O
( O
Fig O
. O

Similarly O
, O
no O
replication O
case O
has O
been O
reported O
in O
several O
previous O
association O
studies O
of O
wood B-Compound
traits O
( O
Dillon O
et O
al O
. O

intermediate O
- O
sized O
TGN O
vesicle O
buds O
in O
irx9 B-CommonName
mutants O
that O
are O
likely O
important O
for O
traf O
fi O
cking O
other O
cargo O
, O
including O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
. O

Yet O
the O
mechanisms O
of O
lignin B-Compound
polymerization B-Process
and O
the O
subcel O
- O
lular O
precision O
of O
its O
formation B-Process
remain O
enigmatic O
. O

Subcellular O
Localization O
in O
the O
VND7 B-CommonName
- O
Induction O
System O
Subcellular O
localization O
of O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
was O
assessed O
in O
the O
complemented O
irx9 B-CommonName
and O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
backgrounds O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Xylose B-Compound
release O
from O
wood B-Compound
in O
the O
process O
of O
acid O
pretreatment O
. O

Our O
findings O
indicate O
that O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
acts O
as O
a O
ne O
- O
gative O
regulator O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
anther B-Location
development B-Process
and O
expands O
our O
understanding O
of O
transcriptional O
regulation O
of O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

2 O
Overexpression O
and O
co O
- O
suppression O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
in O
' O
84K O
' O
lead O
to O
opposite O
phenotypes O
. O

Gene O
- O
specific O
semi O
- O
quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
Total O
RNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
transgenics O
and O
WT O
plants O
using O
iRIS O
solution O
( O
Ghawana O
et O
al O
. O

In O
contract O
, O
SCW B-Compound
TaCesA B-CommonName
genes O
exhibited O
variable O
patterns O
of O
intron O
phase O
distribution O
. O

PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
could O
bind O
to O
PtrDRIF1 B-CommonName
simultaneously O
with O
PtrRAD1 B-CommonName
or O
PtrDIV B-CommonName
proteins O
, O
forming O
heterotrimers O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Leaf B-Location
epithelial I-Location
cells I-Location
expressing O
Os4BGlu16 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
plasmolyzed O
by O
in O
fi O
ltrating O
0 O
. O
8 O
M O
mannitol O
. O

Histochemical O
analysis O
of O
culm B-Location
sections O
. O

Radial O
section O
of O
thin O
- O
walled O
fibers B-Location
without O
normal O
SCW B-Compound
( O
A O
) O
. O

The O
eQTNs O
allow O
for O
resolution O
down O
to O
the O
single O
- O
nucleotide O
level O
by O
determining O
the O
function O
of O
alleles O
in O
phenotypes O
( O
Liu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

The O
increase O
over O
wt O
levels O
was O
more O
pro O
- O
nounced O
in O
stem B-Location
tissue I-Location
than O
in O
leaf B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

Key O
SCW B-Compound
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
, O
homologs O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
MYB46 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
83 I-CommonName
, O
were O
practically O
absent O
in O
cotton B-Species
stem B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Email O
cliu O
@ O
bnl O
. O
gov O
, O
tel O
. O

Plant O
Physiol O
126 O
: O
1668 O
- O
1677 O
Kim O
HJ O
, O
Barbara O
T O
( O
2008 O
) O
Involvement O
of O
extracellular O
Cu O
/ O
Zn O
super O
- O
oxide O
dismutase B-CommonName
in O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
primary O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Inhibition O
of O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
function O
caused O
increased O
anisotropy O
of O
the O
CMT B-Compound
array O
in O
meristematic B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
microfibrils O
( O
CMFs B-Compound
) O
have O
a O
long O
been O
seen O
as O
the O
most O
important O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
component O
in O
terms O
of O
structural O
anisotropy O
( O
Green O
, O
1962 O
) O
. O

The O
scale O
bar O
represents O
0 O
. O
1 O
mm O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
associated O
with O
( O
1 B-Compound
( I-Compound
r I-Compound
) I-Compound
3 I-Compound
) I-Compound
- I-Compound
b I-Compound
- I-Compound
D I-Compound
- I-Compound
glucan I-Compound
( O
callose B-Compound
) O
hydrolysis B-Process
. O

thaliana I-Species
MYB16 B-CommonName
and O
MYB20 B-CommonName
are O
written O
in O
bold O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
is O
known O
to O
display O
dif O
- O
ferent O
characteristics O
in O
the O
multilaminar O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
of O
wood B-Compound
( O
Evert O
2006 O
) O
. O

thaliana I-Species
were O
sterilized O
( O
75 O
% O
ethanol O
for O
1 O
min O
, O
10 O
% O
sodium O
hypochlorite O
for O
13 O
min O
) O
. O

Most O
of O
the O
TaCesA B-CommonName
genes O
were O
differential O
expressed O
among O
three O
different O
genomes O
of O
bread O
wheat B-Species
, O
which O
is O
a O
common O
phenomenon O
in O
hexaploid O
wheat B-Species
[ O
51 O
] O
. O

Molecular O
Plant O
A O
Sensory O
Switch O
for O
Lignin B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
manner O
in O
response O
to O
various O
stimuli O
. O

Regulation O
of O
this O
process O
, O
which O
is O
essential O
during O
trunk O
development B-Process
, O
is O
not O
well O
under O
- O
stood O
. O

During O
seed B-Location
development B-Process
, O
GUS O
activity O
in O
the O
ovule B-Location
and O
the O
ovary B-Location
of O
PtX3H6 B-CommonName
- O
5 O
/ O
3 O
transformants O
increased O
dramatically O
to O
result O
in O
strong O
activity O
in O
the O
developing B-Location
seeds I-Location
and O
surrounding O
tissue O
. O

LTF1 B-CommonName
phosphorylation B-Process
results O
in O
its O
degradation B-Process
and O
the O
release O
of O
LTF1 B-CommonName
repression O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Many O
non O
- O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
genes O
were O
also O
differentially O
transcribed O
in O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
with O
contrasting O
density O
. O

This O
result O
suggests O
that O
they O
are O
key O
regulatory O
pathways O
during O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
and O
can O
be O
crucial O
for O
the O
signaling O
perception O
. O

glandulosa I-Species
51 O
30 O
49 O
9 O
19 O
25 O
X O
P O
L O
A O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
B O
) O
The O
calculated O
germination B-Process
ratio O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

National O
Renewable O
Energy O
Laboratory O
Technical O
report O
: O
NREL O
/ O
TP O
- O
510 O
- O
42619 O
. O

Means O
SE O
, O
N O
= O
3 O
biological O
replicates O
. O

Comparative O
expression O
of O
maize B-Species
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
genes O
of O
subgroups O
of O
Family O
GT106 B-CommonName
inverting O
glycosyl B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
. O

This O
increase O
can O
be O
correlated O
with O
the O
activity O
of O
inver O
- O
tases O
, O
which O
results O
in O
high O
hexose B-Compound
content O
and O
/ O
or O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
derived O
sugar O
retrieval O
. O

Input O
, O
Input O
DNA O
( O
positive O
control O
) O
; O
CHIP O
th O
: O
chromatin O
immunoprecipitation O
with O
the O
anti O
- O
GFP O
antibody O
; O
CHIP O
: O
chromatin O
immunoprecipitation O
with O
HA O
antibody O
( O
negative O
control O
) O
. O

Transgenic O
poplars B-Species
produce O
an O
improved O
quality O
of O
woody O
biomass O
We O
examined O
the O
stem B-Location
tissues I-Location
of O
the O
DX15 B-CommonName
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
- O
2A O
- O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
to O
observe O
the O
quantitative O
and O
qualitative O
changes O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

X O
: O
xylem B-Location
; O
P O
: O
phloem B-Location
; O
L O
: O
leaf B-Location
. O

Effects O
of O
DCB O
on O
the O
distribution B-Process
of O
pectin B-Compound
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
presence O
of O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
signal O
and O
the O
prominence O
of O
SCW B-Compound
bands O
in O
bright O
fi O
eld O
and O
after O
propidium O
iodide O
staining O
were O
used O
to O
de O
fi O
ne O
the O
stage O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

The O
two O
constructs O
of O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
nRFPand O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
- O
cRFP O
were O
co O
- O
transformed O
into O
onion B-Species
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
via O
particle O
bombardment O
method O
. O

( O
J O
) O
Measurement O
of O
the O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
ila1 B-CommonName
internodes B-Location
. O

Stress O
- O
induced O
but O
not O
vascular B-Location
non I-Location
- I-Location
TE I-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
was O
enhanced O
by O
another O
identified O
peptide O
, O
named O
Bia B-CommonName
. O

PrMADS B-CommonName
4 O
to O
9 O
were O
more O
abundantly O
- O
expressed O
in O
young O
flowering B-Process
tissue O
than O
in O
adult O
tissue O
46 O
and O
are O
members O
of O
the O
TM3 B-CommonName
clade O
. O

Similarly O
, O
the O
pectin B-Compound
peak O
at O
1740 O
cm O
) O
1 O
was O
also O
lower O
, O
consistent O
with O
the O
results O
of O
immuno O
fl O
uorescence O
labelling O
. O

To O
investigate O
the O
expression O
pattern O
of O
BSH1 B-CommonName
, O
the O
experiments O
using O
quantitative O
PCR O
and O
promoter O
- O
GUS O
fusion O
construct O
were O
performed O
. O

It O
also O
seems O
intuitive O
that O
SND2 B-CommonName
acts O
downstream O
of O
MYB103 B-CommonName
, O
since O
SND2 B-CommonName
is O
an O
indirect O
target O
of O
SND1 B-CommonName
, O
whilst O
MYB103 B-CommonName
is O
a O
direct O
tar O
- O
get O
of O
SND1 B-CommonName
[ O
21 O
] O
. O

2010 O
) O
CCR B-CommonName
LpCCR1 B-CommonName
RNAi O
LpCCR1 B-CommonName
( O
McInnes O
et O
al O
. O

From O
the O
number O
of O
estimated O
amino O
acid O
substitutions O
, O
a O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
constructed O
with O
the O
neighbour O
- O
joining O
( O
NJ O
) O
method O
( O
Jones O
et O
al O
. O

To O
test O
whether O
the O
difference O
observed O
was O
due O
to O
a O
general O
difference O
in O
the O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
environments O
, O
the O
mobility O
of O
the O
control O
secreted O
protein O
in O
the O
two O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
was O
tested O
. O

Full O
length O
Populus B-Species
EIN3D B-CommonName
and O
EIN3F B-CommonName
was O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
( O
primers O
listed O
in O
Supplementary O
Table O
S9 O
) O
and O
cloned O
into O
pENTR O
/ O
D O
- O
TOPO O
( O
pENTR O
Directional O
TOPO O
Cloning O
Kits O
, O
Invitrogen O
) O
and O
thereafter O
transferred O
to O
pB7GW2D O
through O
Gateway O
Recombination O
( O
LR O
Clonase O
II O
, O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

Then O
, O
clustering O
of O
the O
samples O
or O
the O
proteins O
was O
performed O
using O
the O
k O
- O
means O
algorithm O
( O
with O
k O
= O
8 O
clusters O
) O
of O
the O
EPClust O
software O
available O
on O
the O
European O
Bioinformatics O
Institute O
website O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
ep O
. O
ebi O
. O

A O
decision O
rule O
suggested O
by O
Meinshausen O
and O
B O
EUR O
uhlmann O
( O
2010 O
) O
was O
applied O
to O
control O
the O
expected O
number O
of O
false O
posi O
- O
tives O
: O
1 O
2 O
th O
q O
2 O
2E O
V O
1 O
/ O
2 O
p O
; O
( O
5 O
) O
where O
q O
is O
the O
number O
of O
selected O
markers O
, O
E O
[ O
V O
] O
is O
the O
expected O
number O
of O
false O
positives O
, O
and O
p O
is O
the O
total O
number O
of O
markers O
. O

Red O
shading O
indicates O
the O
object O
of O
our O
study O
, O
and O
blue O
shadings O
indicate O
the O
nucleases B-CommonName
whose O
fuction O
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
cated O
. O

Given O
that O
overexpression O
of O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
led O
to O
visible O
alteration O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
, O
we O
used O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
to O
examine O
the O
expression O
of O
the O
related O
genes O
in O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
overexpression O
lines O
. O

Knight O
MR O
( O
2007 O
) O
New O
ideas O
on O
root B-Location
hair I-Location
growth B-Process
appear O
from O
the O
flanks O
. O

glauca I-Species
seedlings O
stably O
transformed O
with O
a O
DNA O
fragment O
of O
1 O
, O
163 O
base O
pairs O
( O
PgCAD B-CommonName
) O
fused O
to O
the O
b O
- O
glucuronidase O
( O
GUS O
) O
gene O
. O

Localization O
of O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
Promoter O
Reporter O
in O
Root B-Location
Caps I-Location
and O
Procambial B-Location
Cells I-Location
of O
the O
Root B-Location
Vascular I-Location
Cylinder I-Location
. O

2007 O
) O
, O
bc5 B-CommonName
shows O
the O
brittle O
phe O
- O
notype O
in O
nodes B-Location
but O
not O
in O
culms B-Location
or O
leaves B-Location
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
MYB B-CommonName
- O
bHLH B-CommonName
- O
WDR B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
complex O
members O
linked O
to O
regulation O
of O
the O
fl B-Compound
avonoid I-Compound
pathway O
. O

Acetyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
- O
life O
at O
the O
metabolic O
nexus O
. O

The O
rotations O
( O
or O
loadings O
) O
from O
the O
fi O
rst O
three O
components O
were O
selected O
. O

Both O
holocellulose B-Compound
and O
alpha B-Compound
- I-Compound
cellulose I-Compound
content O
were O
reduced O
in O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
required O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
1295 O
Figure O
4 O
. O

Methyl B-Compound
glycosides I-Compound
were O
then O
prepared O
from O
the O
dry O
sample O
by O
methanolysis O
with O
1 O
M O
HCl O
methanol O
at O
80 O
C O
( O
16 O
h O
) O
, O
followed O
by O
re O
- O
N O
- O
acetylation O
with O
pyridine O
and O
acetic O
anhydride O
in O
methanol O
( O
for O
detection O
of O
amino O
sugars O
) O
. O

( O
A O
, O
B O
) O
Effect O
of O
selective O
increase O
or O
reduction O
of O
the O
shear O
moduli O
at O
cell O
edges O
( O
m O
edges O
) O
compared O
to O
shear O
moduli O
at O
faces O
( O
m O
faces O
) O
on O
stress O
distribution B-Process
for O
simulations O
shown O
in O
Figure O
2B O
, O
C O
. O

Materials O
and O
methods O
Mutant O
isolation O
and O
characterization O
rsw12 B-CommonName
was O
isolated O
as O
a O
temperature O
- O
sensitive O
radial O
swel B-Process
- I-Process
ling I-Process
mutant O
with O
reduced O
levels O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
using O
the O
screen O
of O
Baskin O
et O
al O
. O

ATTED O
- O
II O
: O
A O
database O
of O
co O
- O
expressed O
genes O
and O
cis O
elements O
for O
identifying O
co O
- O
regulated O
gene O
groups O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

had O
a O
fellowship O
from O
CAPES O
( O
Brazilian O
Ministry O
of O
Education O
) O
and O
a O
research O
grant O
from O
PADCT O
/ O
SBIO O
/ O
FINEP O
( O
Brazilian O
Ministry O
of O
Science O
and O
Technol O
- O
ogy O
) O
. O

P O
values O
are O
based O
on O
one O
- O
tailed O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
. O

2010 O
) O
prepared O
with O
PBS O
- O
BSA O
for O
1 O
day O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
. O

The O
residues O
Ser38 O
and O
Tyr40 O
interact O
via O
water O
- O
( O
W32 O
) O
mediated O
hydrogen O
bonds O
with O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaroyl I-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
. O

Further O
, O
a O
question O
remains O
whether O
the O
changes O
in O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
re O
fl O
ect O
some O
indirect O
effect O
of O
altered O
auxin B-Compound
levels O
/ O
signaling O
. O

( O
G O
, O
H O
) O
Average O
time O
projections O
of O
maximum O
intensity O
projections O
of O
confocal O
stacks O
of O
lateral B-Location
roots I-Location
expressing O
mCherry O
: O
CESA1 B-CommonName
in O
a O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
G O
) O
or O
RPS5a O
> O
Dex O
> O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
[ O
N125I O
] O
background O
( O
H O
) O
. O

Preparation O
of O
SDX B-Location
nuclear O
protein O
. O

The O
response O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
to O
abiotic O
stresses O
was O
also O
explored O
in O
our O
laboratory O
. O

The O
other O
lignin B-Compound
contribution O
( O
Component O
V O
) O
was O
distributed O
in O
CC O
, O
CML O
, O
and O
in O
the O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
HW B-Compound
. O

Figure O
S2 O
Western O
blot O
analysis O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
levels O
in O
wild O
plant O
and O
zmnst3 B-CommonName
mutant O
mutants O
. O

The O
stem B-Location
pieces O
were O
collected O
from O
three O
replicate O
trees O
between O
spring O
2011 O
and O
spring O
2012 O
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S7 O
) O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Analysis O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX9 B-CommonName
/ O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
and O
IRX14 B-CommonName
/ O
IRX14 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
L I-CommonName
pairs O
of O
glycosyltransferase B-CommonName
genes O
reveals O
critical O
contributions O
to O
biosynthesis B-Process
of O
the O
hemicellulose B-Compound
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
. O

Transgenic O
plants O
had O
an O
increased O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
density O
of O
individual O
cells O
in O
the O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
stems B-Location
as O
well O
as O
an O
increased O
wood B-Compound
density O
. O

2013 O
) O
, O
which O
is O
in O
accordance O
with O
the O
signi O
fi O
cant O
negative O
phenotypic O
correlation O
between O
a B-Compound
- I-Compound
cellulose I-Compound
and O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
both O
P B-Species
. I-Species

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
LTF1 B-CommonName
is O
phosphorylated O
by O
the O
active O
form O
of O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
, O
which O
is O
activated O
by O
mechanical O
wounding O
, O
and O
that O
phosphorylated O
LTF1 B-CommonName
undergoes O
degradation B-Process
, O
thereby O
activating O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Figure O
7 O
) O
. O

Conifer B-Species
wood B-Compound
consists O
mainly O
of O
tracheids B-Location
that O
operate O
in O
both O
water O
transport O
and O
physical O
support O
. O

This O
study O
was O
supported O
by O
two O
grants O
from O
the O
National O
Natural O
Science O
Foundation O
of O
China O
( O
31470671 O
and O
31700587 O
) O
. O

See O
Supplemental O
Table O
S3 O
for O
gene O
identi O
fi O
ers O
. O

Clim O
Res O
47 O
: O
123 O
- O
138 O
Wituszyn O
' O
ska O
W O
, O
Karpin O
' O
ski O
S O
( O
2014 O
) O
Determination O
of O
water O
use O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
for O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

Long O
- O
term O
sustained O
expression O
changes O
Seven O
clusters O
of O
DE O
genes O
displayed O
long O
- O
term O
sustained O
changes O
in O
transcript O
levels O
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
. O

Retaining O
glycosyl B-CommonName
transferases I-CommonName
of O
family O
GT8 B-CommonName
are O
in O
- O
volved O
in O
pectin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
and O
xylan B-Compound
side O
- O
group O
at O
- O
tachment O
. O

The O
role O
of O
DNA O
methylation B-Process
in O
xylogenesis B-Process
in O
different O
tissues O
of O
poplar B-Species
. O

PvHCT2a B-CommonName
was O
selected O
for O
bio O
- O
chemical O
assays O
since O
its O
expression O
in O
E O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
( O
Rodgers O
- O
Melnick O
et O
al O
. O

The O
TaCesA7 B-CommonName
homoeolog O
, O
which O
was O
absent O
in O
the O
A O
genome O
, O
was O
recovered O
from O
the O
A O
genome O
progenitor O
Triticum B-Species
urartu I-Species
. O

Development B-Process
of O
overexpression O
and O
suppression O
transgenic O
lines O
in O
birch B-Species
The O
two O
plasmid O
constructs O
35S O
: O
: O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
and O
35S O
: O
: O
anti O
- O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
were O
transformed O
into O
birch B-Species
leaves B-Location
. O

Regulation O
of O
transcription O
factor O
function O
by O
phosphorylation B-Process
. O

thaliana I-Species
HCT B-CommonName
implicated O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
is O
written O
in O
bold O
. O

Only O
the O
cwa1 B-CommonName
shows O
disturbed O
deposition B-Process
of O
phenolic B-Compound
components O
. O

To O
understand O
the O
alter O
- O
ations O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
and O
thickness O
responsible O
Fig O
. O

During O
this O
period O
, O
they O
were O
rotated O
weekly O
to O
randomize O
environmental O
effects O
. O

Restoration O
of O
open O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
was O
apparent O
in O
the O
complemented O
lines O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Relative O
quantification O
was O
based O
on O
four O
technical O
replicates O
performed O
on O
each O
cDNA O
sample O
and O
normalized O
to O
an O
internal O
GAPC O
control O
. O

Transdetect O
identifies O
a O
new O
regulatory O
module O
controlling O
phosphate O
accumulation B-Process
. O

( O
b O
) O
Yeast O
two O
- O
hybrid O
assays O
to O
determine O
the O
interaction O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
due O
to O
the O
unavailability O
of O
L B-Species
. I-Species

Normalized O
Relative O
Expression O
values O
6 O
standard O
deviation O
and O
significance O
( O
Sig O
. O
) O
for O
CAD B-CommonName
, O
CslD4 B-CommonName
, O
PAL B-CommonName
and O
SuSy B-CommonName
. O

In O
Eucalyptus B-Species
, O
36 O
. O
8 O
% O
of O
the O
junction O
reads O
had O
no O
annotations O
. O

Rolland O
F O
. O
, O
Baena O
- O
Gonzalez O
E O
. O

F O
) O
Cross O
sections O
of O
stems B-Location
from O
20 O
day O
old O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
plants O
. O

1 O
This O
research O
was O
supported O
by O
the O
National O
Natural O
Science O
Foundation O
of O
China O
( O
31630014 O
) O
, O
the O
Ministry O
of O
Science O
and O
Tech O
- O
nology O
of O
China O
( O
2016YFD0600104 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
Chinese O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
( O
CEMPS2016009 O
) O
. O

The O
MS O
transfer O
line O
was O
set O
at O
240 O
C O
with O
70 O
eV O
electron O
impact O
ionization O
mode O
, O
and O
the O
data O
from O
41 O
to O
450 O
m O
/ O
z O
were O
acquired O
. O

Genetic O
manipulation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
reduces O
recalcitrance O
and O
improves O
ethanol O
production O
from O
switchgrass B-Species
. O

Phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
public O
databases O
led O
us O
to O
identify O
a O
nested O
clade O
of O
11 O
HTL B-CommonName
homologs O
in O
Striga O
( O
Fig O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
433 O
reverse O
- O
transcribed O
by O
Superscript O
Reverse O
Transcriptase O
III O
( O
Invitrogen O
) O
. O

the O
large O
variation O
of O
galacturonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
content O
in O
this O
fraction O
between O
the O
six O
hemp B-Species
accessions O
( O
Table O
4 O
) O
could O
play O
a O
role O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
the O
crystallinity O
, O
thus O
a O
ff O
ecting O
the O
properties O
of O
the O
crystalline O
polysaccharides O
. O

A O
similar O
mechanism O
might O
regulate O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
development B-Process
in O
domes O
- O
ticated O
apple B-Species
, O
where O
the O
hexose B-Compound
: O
sucrose B-Compound
ratio O
might O
control O
the O
different O
phases O
of O
fl B-Location
oral I-Location
development B-Process
. O

And O
these O
genes O
were O
not O
expressed O
in O
the O
xylem B-Location
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

They O
named O
the O
gene O
Zinnia B-Species
elegans I-Species
xylogen B-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
ZeXYP1 B-CommonName
) O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Physiol O
53 O
: O
368 O
- O
380 O
Zhong O
R O
, O
Richardson O
EA O
, O
Ye O
ZH O
( O
2007 O
) O
The O
MYB46 B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
is O
a O
direct O
target O
of O
SND1 B-CommonName
and O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

A O
further O
5 O
- O
6 O
% O
of O
the O
reads O
mapped O
to O
the O
transcriptome O
of O
the O
other O
Acacia B-Species
species O
probably O
due O
to O
differentially O
expressed O
tran O
- O
scripts O
. O

Larson O
PR O
, O
Kretschmann O
DE O
, O
Clarck O
A O
, O
Isebrands O
JG O
( O
2001 O
) O
Formation B-Process
and O
properties O
of O
juvenile O
wood B-Compound
in O
southern B-Species
pines I-Species
: O
a O
synopsis O
. O

Ten O
- O
week O
- O
old O
Arabidopsis B-Species
was O
used O
for O
determining O
monolignol B-Compound
compounds O
. O

truncatula I-Species
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
proteins O
( O
hereafter O
indicated O
MtCESAs B-CommonName
) O
were O
identified O
. O

Kim O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Recombination O
and O
linkage O
disequilibrium O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
. O

These O
effectors O
and O
reporters O
plasmids O
were O
coexpressed O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
protoplasts O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
genes O
were O
found O
to O
be O
down O
- O
regulated O
both O
in O
15 O
and O
20 O
DPA O
fibers B-Location
of O
GhAnn2 B-CommonName
RNAi O
lines O
( O
Fig O
. O

Monocot O
structural O
clades O
were O
then O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
those O
containing O
maximum O
one O
single O
gene O
or O
set O
of O
in O
- O
paralogues O
for O
each O
species O
, O
without O
requiring O
all O
considered O
monocot O
species O
to O
be O
present O
in O
each O
clade O
. O

With O
regard O
to O
retesting O
PPIs O
discovered O
by O
library O
screens O
, O
61 O
full O
- O
length O
PW O
ORFs O
were O
used O
to O
con O
fi O
rm O
64 O
interactions O
with O
other O
full O
- O
length O
PW O
ORFs O
in O
selected O
binary O
Y2H O
assays O
. O

These O
orthologs O
in O
the O
two O
species O
constituted O
716 O
independent O
gene O
groups O
with O
different O
biological O
functions O
( O
Additional O
file O
11 O
) O
. O

2002 O
) O
similar O
to O
the O
domain O
of O
APRX B-CommonName
, O
an O
anionic O
peroxidase B-CommonName
from O
zucchini B-Species
, O
which O
binds O
speci O
fi O
cally O
to O
the O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
- O
pectate B-Compound
complex O
within O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
( O
Carpin O
et O
al O
. O

Data O
points O
indicate O
average O
values O
while O
error O
bars O
represent O
standard O
deviation O
( O
n O
= O
4 O
biological O
replicates O
) O
. O

For O
principal O
component O
analysis O
( O
PCA O
) O
, O
each O
observable O
was O
scaled O
with O
respect O
to O
the O
maximum O
value O
to O
obtain O
a O
unit O
range O
across O
variables O
( O
Supplementary O
file O
4 O
) O
. O

S4 O
A O
and O
B O
) O
showed O
that O
, O
although O
both O
Arabidopsis B-Species
lines O
ectopically O
expressed O
genes O
in O
the O
same O
ontology O
categories O
, O
the O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
in O
each O
category O
were O
often O
different O
. O

( O
B O
) O
qPCR O
analysis O
in O
the O
internodes B-Location
of O
transgenic O
plants O
to O
show O
the O
relative O
expression O
level O
of O
IIP4 B-CommonName
to O
rice B-Species
HNR O
. O

The O
reduced O
level O
of O
xylan B-Compound
has O
been O
suggested O
to O
cause O
an O
aberrant O
assembly B-Process
of O
nascent O
cellulose B-Compound
micro B-Location
fi I-Location
brils I-Location
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
, O
which O
in O
turn O
affects O
further O
synthesis B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
micro B-Location
fi I-Location
- I-Location
brils I-Location
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

Line O
graphs O
show O
scaled O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
of O
genes O
in O
each O
modules O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
with O
red O
lines O
depicting O
the O
expression O
pattern O
of O
each O
EIN3 B-CommonName
isoform O
. O

Linear O
, O
bi O
- O
directional O
steady O
movement O
of O
YFP O
: O
: O
CESA7 B-CommonName
particles O
( O
arrowheads O
) O
are O
observed O
in O
tight O
domains O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

For O
chromosomal O
location O
of O
GhTCP4s B-CommonName
, O
see O
Supplemental O
Tables O
1 O
and O
2 O
. O

Both O
miRNA O
and O
mRNA O
: O
YFP O
were O
driven O
by O
the O
35S O
promoter O
. O

Genetic O
variation O
in O
Pinus B-Species
taeda I-Species
wood B-Compound
properties O
predicted O
using O
non O
- O
destructive O
techniques O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Density O
of O
cortical O
microtubules O
. O

Results O
PCW B-Compound
CESAs B-CommonName
Become O
Internalized O
During O
Xylem B-Location
Vessel I-Location
Development B-Process
. O

The O
seventy O
five O
SND2 B-CommonName
[ O
? O
] O
Ko O
genes O
represented O
on O
the O
ATH1 B-CommonName
22k O
array O
were O
subjected O
to O
hierarchical O
cluster O
- O
ing O
across O
the O
Genevestigator O
V3 O
Arabidopsis B-Species
anatomy O
database O
[ O
39 O
] O
as O
before O
to O
analyze O
their O
tissue O
specificity O
. O

The O
family O
comprises O
33 O
genes O
, O
seven O
of O
which O
were O
expressed O
2 O
- O
fold O
or O
higher O
( O
Fig O
. O

Some O
pectic O
ma O
- O
terial O
eluted O
after O
the O
galacturonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
standard O
, O
suggesting O
that O
its O
nature O
caused O
it O
to O
stick O
to O
the O
gel O
permeation O
column O
. O

Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
69 O
: O
685 O
- O
697 O
Ma O
QH O
( O
2010 O
) O
Functional O
analysis O
of O
a O
cinnnamyl B-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydro I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
genase I-CommonName
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
wheat B-Species
. O

Cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
are O
not O
only O
important O
for O
textile O
and O
derivative O
industries O
but O
they O
also O
represent O
an O
excellent O
single O
- O
cell O
model O
to O
study O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
cell O
expansion B-Process
as O
they O
have O
an O
extraordinary O
capacity O
for O
both O
cell O
elongation B-Process
( O
independent O
of O
cell O
division O
) O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

Because O
we O
had O
previously O
demonstrated O
that O
RLP44 B-CommonName
can O
activate O
BR B-Compound
signaling O
upon O
cues O
from O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
35 O
) O
, O
we O
assessed O
whether O
BR B-Compound
- O
signaling O
activation O
by O
RLP44 B-CommonName
might O
occur O
through O
a O
similar O
mechanism O
. O

Jermstad O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
Association O
genetics O
of O
coastal O
Douglas O
fi O
r O
( O
Pseudotsuga B-Species
menziesii I-Species
var O
. O

Benfey O
, O
Root B-Location
layers O
: O
Complex O
regulation O
of O
developmental O
pat B-Process
- I-Process
terning I-Process
. O

Values O
in O
parentheses O
indicate O
standard O
deviations O
. O

Hence O
, O
this O
fi O
nding O
suggests O
that O
the O
program O
of O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
activated O
in O
TA B-Compound
- O
treated O
cells O
is O
most O
probably O
not O
mediated O
by O
a O
MAPK B-CommonName
signal O
transduction O
cascade O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
The O
draft O
genome O
of O
a O
diploid O
cotton B-Species
Gossypium B-Species
raimondii I-Species
. O

Dharmawardhana O
P O
. O
, O
Brunner O
A O
. O
M O
. O

Similar O
decrease O
in O
FITC O
fl O
uorescence O
signal O
was O
observed O
in O
RNAi O
lines O
of O
tobacco B-Species
downregulated O
for O
genes O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
Involvement O
of O
Indole B-Compound
- I-Compound
3 I-Compound
- I-Compound
acetic I-Compound
acid I-Compound
in O
fascicular B-Location
and I-Location
interfascicular I-Location
cambial I-Location
growth B-Process
and O
interfascicular B-Location
extraxylary I-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
in O
fl B-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
. O

Among O
five O
nonfunctional O
D O
alleles O
in O
Asian O
and O
African O
germplasms O
, O
only O
two O
types O
( O
exon O
I O
and O
II O
deletions O
and O
exon O
I O
stop O
codon O
) O
were O
found O
in O
African O
germ O
- O
plasms O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Solution O
- O
state O
2D O
NMR O
of O
ball O
- O
milled O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
gels O
in O
DMSO O
- O
d O
6 O
. O

Mutants O
identi O
fi O
ed O
from O
the O
UV O
microscopy O
screening O
were O
further O
characterized O
in O
detail O
for O
growth B-Process
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
phenotypes O
. O

The O
results O
of O
our O
study O
suggest O
that O
CbuCOMT B-CommonName
genes O
may O
regulate O
S B-Compound
- I-Compound
type I-Compound
lignin I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
by O
interacting O
with O
light O
- O
inducible O
proteins O
and O
that O
14 O
CbuCOMT B-CommonName
gene O
promoters O
also O
contained O
motifs O
for O
circadian O
cycles O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Novel O
type O
II O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
architecture O
in O
dichlobenil O
- O
habituated O
maize B-Species
calluses O
. O

Included O
are O
sub O
- O
networks O
for O
pathogen O
responses O
, O
and O
examples O
related O
to O
flowering B-Process
, O
trichome B-Location
development B-Process
and O
signal O
transduction O
. O

Note O
the O
speci O
fi O
c O
GUS O
activity O
observed O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
strands O
of O
the O
corm O
and O
absence O
of O
staining O
from O
the O
non O
vascular B-Location
tissue I-Location
. O

For O
each O
gene O
, O
a O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
built O
using O
amino O
acid O
sequences O
from O
15 O
species O
( O
Fig O
. O

WT O
CAAGGGT O
AGTGGAA O
S2 O
- O
8268 O
BS1 B-CommonName
AP005614 O
AP005511 O
AP005510 O
AP004875 O
6 O
4 O
9 O
3 O
50 O
kb O
Chr O
. O

Antioxidant O
and O
Prooxidant O
Behavior O
of O
Flavonoids B-Compound
: O
Structure O
- O
Activity O
Relationships O
. O

In O
the O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectrum O
of O
this O
compound O
, O
a O
neutral O
loss O
of O
156 O
. O
039 O
Da O
leads O
to O
the O
product O
ion O
with O
m O
/ O
z O
383 O
. O
099 O
. O

d O
, O
Superposition O
of O
the O
substrate O
- O
binding O
pockets O
of O
native O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
( O
green O
) O
and O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
- O
ConA B-Compound
complex O
( O
cyan O
) O
structures O
. O

analyzed O
the O
results O
; O
S O
. O
G O
. O

10 O
mu O
M O
DPI O
pre O
- O
treatment O
for O
1 O
hour O
. O

and O
PR14 B-CommonName
( O
lipid O
transfer O
protein O
) O
, O
other O
genes O
associated O
with O
biotic O
stress O
and O
SA B-Compound
- O
mediated O
responses O
, O
and O
a O
phosphate O
cotransporter O
responsive O
to O
abiotic O
stress O
( O
Table O
1 O
and O
Dataset O
S1 O
) O
. O

Sequence O
analy O
- O
sis O
showed O
that O
DFR2 B-CommonName
contained O
four O
AC O
motifs O
in O
the O
promoter O
region O
with O
the O
consensus O
sequence O
ACCTNNC O
for O
MYB B-CommonName
binding O
( O
Mellway O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

LCM O
of O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
spruce B-Species
. O

Extracted O
nuclei O
aliquots O
were O
kept O
cool O
96 O
on O
ice O
while O
the O
appropriate O
amounts O
of O
DNase O
I O
were O
added O
and O
mixed O
by O
tapping O
. O

We O
reasoned O
that O
LBD4 B-CommonName
expression O
may O
vary O
along O
the O
apical O
- O
basal O
axis O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
and O
tested O
this O
hypothesis O
using O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
. O

six O
measurements O
per O
data O
point O
. O

GUS O
staining O
was O
not O
observed O
in O
any O
other O
tissues O
examined O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1104 O
/ O
pp O
. O
103 O
. O
032904 O
PMID O
: O
14701917 O
; O
PubMed O
Central O
PMCID O
: O
PMC316302 O
. O

Trunk O
discs O
were O
immediately O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
stored O
at O
280 O
deg O
C O
. O

These O
results O
are O
consistent O
with O
a O
role O
for O
DIM1 B-CommonName
in O
cell O
elongation B-Process
. O

In O
sorghum B-Species
stems B-Location
, O
D O
is O
responsible O
for O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
dead O
, O
air O
- O
filled O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Gene O
names O
were O
given O
according O
to O
annotation O
. O

RhEXPA4 B-CommonName
, O
a O
rose B-Species
expansin B-CommonName
gene O
, O
modulates O
leaf B-Location
growth B-Process
and O
confers O
drought O
and O
salt O
tolerance O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

It O
does O
not O
have O
the O
highest O
digestibility O
( O
Figure O
4 O
, O
main O
paper O
) O
, O
an O
issue O
worthy O
of O
further O
examination O
. O

No O
polyadenylation O
site O
was O
observed O
as O
expected O
because O
short O
polyA O
sequences O
failed O
to O
be O
assembled O
. O

Biotechno O
- O
logical O
means O
to O
modify O
the O
quality O
and O
quantity O
of O
woody O
biomass O
will O
be O
critical O
in O
meeting O
the O
increasing O
demand O
. O

thaliana I-Species
transcription O
fac O
- O
tor O
families O
downloaded O
from O
PlnTFDB B-CommonName
[ O
48 O
] O
. O

That O
is O
to O
say O
that O
the O
affected O
genes O
might O
not O
be O
directly O
regulated O
by O
CLE44 B-CommonName
over O
- O
expression O
, O
but O
the O
result O
of O
changes O
in O
cellular O
composition O
, O
such O
as O
an O
increase O
in O
the O
abundance O
of O
dividing O
/ O
undifferentiated O
cells O
in O
the O
transgenic O
line O
( O
Figure O
7D O
) O
. O

For O
wood B-Compound
specific O
gravity O
five O
QTL O
were O
identified O
controlling O
24 O
. O
7 O
% O
of O
the O
phenotypic O
variation O
corresponding O
to O
49 O
% O
of O
the O
genetic O
variation O
. O

With O
the O
increase O
in O
salt O
concentration O
, O
the O
lignin B-Compound
content O
also O
increased O
; O
indicating O
active O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
during O
stress O
conditions O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S3 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
while O
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
have O
been O
established O
in O
more O
than O
100 O
species O
, O
the O
proportion O
of O
woody O
species O
transformed O
using O
this O
system O
is O
very O
low O
in O
comparison O
with O
annual O
plants O
( O
Christey O
, O
2001 O
) O
. O

Elucidating O
the O
mechanisms O
of O
assembly B-Process
and O
subunit O
interaction O
of O
the O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

According O
to O
the O
MS O
/ O
MS O
spectrum O
, O
the O
precursor O
ion O
was O
identified O
as O
[ O
Coniferin B-Compound
- O
H O
] O
- O
. O

Increases O
in O
the O
sugar O
content O
in O
the O
cellulosic O
fraction O
and O
lignin B-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

Planta O
212 O
: O
684 O
- O
691 O
Oshima O
Y O
, O
Mitsuda O
N O
( O
2013 O
) O
The O
MIXTA B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
MYB16 B-CommonName
is O
a O
major O
regulator O
of O
cuticle B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
vegetative O
organs O
. O

TA O
and O
SB O
performed O
the O
genome O
sequence O
assembly B-Process
and O
the O
MAKER O
annotations O
. O

In O
light O
of O
these O
fi O
ndings O
, O
we O
decided O
to O
investigate O
the O
functions O
of O
PtrMYB6 B-CommonName
. O

Performed O
the O
experiments O
: O
LF O
RT O
SW O
XL O
PW O
. O

Another O
conserved O
feature O
of O
known O
KORs B-CommonName
is O
the O
polarized O
targeting O
signals O
( O
LL O
and O
YXX O
phi O
motifs O
, O
with O
X O
referring O
to O
any O
amino O
acid O
residues O
and O
phi O
referring O
to O
hydrophobic O
residues O
) O
in O
their O
cytosolic O
tail O
( O
Zuo O
et O
al O
. O

All O
light O
and O
fl O
uorescence O
microscopic O
observations O
were O
made O
with O
an O
Axioscop2 O
Plus O
system O
( O
Zeiss O
Inc O
. O
) O
. O

S3 O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
nst1nst3 O
double O
mutant O
was O
not O
able O
to O
rescue O
the O
pendent O
phenotype O
. O

6b O
) O
, O
which O
is O
consistent O
with O
the O
lower O
levels O
of O
carbohydrate O
derivatives O
. O

2010 O
) O
into O
the O
pDEST_NST3p_VP16_HSP_GWB5 O
vector O
using O
the O
Gateway O
LR O
reaction O
( O
Life O
Technologies O
Inc O
. O
) O
. O

Wierzbicki O
, O
Nanette O
Christie O
, O
Desr O
e O
Pinard O
, O
Shawn O
D O
. O

Fiber B-Location
strength O
is O
an O
important O
indicator O
of O
the O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
quality O
, O
and O
depends O
on O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

To O
provide O
genetic O
evidence O
for O
a O
role O
of O
C3H B-CommonName
in O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
we O
fi O
rst O
searched O
for O
Brachypodium B-Species
mutants O
available O
from O
the O
JGI O
collection O
( O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
jgi O
. O

Inhibition O
of O
Zea B-Species
mays I-Species
coniferyl B-CommonName
aldehyde I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
by O
daidzin O
: O
A O
potential O
approach O
for O
the O
investigation O
of O
lignocellulose B-Compound
recalcitrance O
. O

The O
CSCs O
recognized O
by O
four O
specific O
antibodies O
showed O
a O
molecular O
size O
of O
more O
than O
669 O
kDa O
( O
Figure O
S1 O
) O
. O

S12D O
) O
, O
sug O
- O
gesting O
the O
absence O
of O
a O
machinery O
activating O
GFP O
- O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
in O
tobacco B-Species
epidermal B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Bioinformatics O
30 O
: O
2114 O
- O
2120 O
Bollh O
o O
ner O
B O
, O
Prestele O
J O
, O
Tuominen O
H O
( O
2012 O
) O
Xylem B-Location
cell B-Process
death I-Process
: O
emerging O
understanding O
of O
regulation O
and O
function O
. O

PaLAC1 B-CommonName
and O
PaLAC2 B-CommonName
were O
isolated O
from O
developing O
xylem B-Location
, O
PaLAC4 B-CommonName
and O
PaLAC5 B-CommonName
from O
lignin B-Compound
- O
forming O
cultured O
cells O
and O
PaLAC3 B-CommonName
from O
both O
sources O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

It O
is O
difficult O
to O
observe O
CSC O
trajectories O
, O
the O
signal O
is O
very O
weak O
. O

The O
pipeline O
was O
written O
in O
python O
with O
calls O
to O
R O
scripts O
and O
ImageJ O
macros O
. O

MMa O
and O
MM O
alpha O
( O
Magic O
Marker O
; O
in O
blue O
and O
green O
) O
were O
used O
to O
replace O
CAN1 O
and O
LYP1 O
, O
resulting O
in O
the O
Y1HGold O
- O
MM O
strain O
( O
can1 O
delta O
/ O
lyp1 O
delta O
) O
( O
G O
) O
. O

The O
accession O
numbers O
of O
lignin B-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
are O
listed O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
1 O
. O

We O
carried O
out O
a O
2 O
- O
factor O
ANOVA O
analysis O
of O
the O
module O
eigengenes O
with O
the O
ANOVA O
factors O
being O
genotype O
with O
2 O
levels O
: O
rsw12 B-CommonName
and O
wild O
type O
, O
and O
batch O
re O
fl O
ecting O
the O
fact O
that O
the O
arrays O
were O
hybridized O
on O
different O
dates O
. O

As O
evidenced O
by O
aniline O
blue O
staining O
after O
reciprocal O
crosses O
of O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
with O
WT O
, O
this O
sterility O
was O
due O
to O
the O
double O
mutant O
pollen B-Location
being O
unable O
to O
grow O
sufficiently O
in O
vivo O
to O
reach O
and O
fertilize O
the O
female O
gametophytes O
( O
Figure O
4D O
) O
. O

A O
total O
of O
5 O
, O
331 O
( O
3 O
. O
79 O
% O
) O
unigenes O
were O
mapped O
into O
118 O
pathways O
by O
searching O
against O
the O
Kyoto O
Encyclopedia O
of O
Genes O
and O
Genomes O
Pathway O
database O
( O
KEGG O
) O
. O

The O
cytoplasmic O
fraction O
was O
prepared O
by O
sonication O
of O
the O
cells O
and O
was O
isolated O
by O
centrifugation O
at O
18 O
, O
000 O
x O
g O
for O
30 O
min O
. O

Further O
experimental O
confirmation O
needs O
to O
be O
performed O
to O
better O
understand O
this O
. O

Expression O
quantified O
with O
published O
RNA O
- O
seq O
data O
( O
Shi O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

For O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
, O
paraf O
fi O
n O
- O
embedded O
sections O
of O
30 O
u O
m O
thickness O
were O
stained O
with O
2 O
% O
( O
w O
/ O
v O
) O
phloroglucinol O
( O
Wako O
) O
in O
95 O
% O
ethanol O
for O
5 O
min O
, O
rinsed O
brie O
fl O
y O
with O
distilled O
water O
and O
then O
treated O
in O
18 O
% O
HCl O
for O
5 O
min O
. O

Proteomics O
has O
also O
been O
used O
to O
provide O
complementary O
information O
on O
proteins O
involved O
in O
xylogenesis B-Process
. O

promoters O
, O
UTRs O
or O
ORFs O
in O
the O
peak O
region O
in O
chromosome O
2 O
) O
, O
the O
normalized O
ranks O
of O
all O
accessions O
having O
this O
SNP O
were O
averaged O
using O
a O
custom O
Perl O
script O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Supplementary O
File O
2 O
) O
. O

Reads O
were O
transformed O
into O
a O
count O
per O
gene O
per O
library O
using O
HTSeq O
( O
Anders O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

d O
, O
g O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
9 I-CommonName
is O
localized O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
including O
fiber B-Location
and O
ray B-Location
cell I-Location
. O

Our O
results O
also O
revealed O
that O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
proteins O
may O
undergo O
posttranslational O
modifications B-Process
which O
caused O
the O
detection O
of O
larger O
than O
predicted O
protein O
sizes O
. O

4 O
( O
a O
' O
tiny O
' O
REVIGO O
set O
) O
and O
were O
further O
manually O
modi O
fi O
ed O
to O
clarify O
the O
meaning O
of O
representative O
terms O
( O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
4 O
) O
. O

seedlings O
that O
overexpress O
glu B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
tathione I-CommonName
S I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
/ O
glutathione B-CommonName
peroxidase I-CommonName
. O

The O
effector O
construct O
and O
reporter O
library O
were O
co O
- O
transformed O
into O
Y187 O
cells O
( O
Ji O
et O
al O
. O

A O
robust O
platform O
for O
chemical O
genomics O
in O
bacterial O
systems O
. O

The O
0 O
- O
DPA O
ovules O
locating O
in O
the O
middle O
of O
a O
boll B-Location
were O
fixed O
in O
2 O
. O
5 O
% O
glutaraldehyde O
. O

Current O
practice O
has O
relied O
almost O
exclusively O
on O
the O
analysis O
of O
phenotypes O
at O
rotation O
age O
. O

Plasmid O
construction O
To O
generate O
transgenic O
plants O
expressing O
the O
chimeric O
activators O
, O
the O
coding O
sequence O
of O
each O
transcription O
factor O
was O
transferred O
from O
the O
Gateway O
Entry O
clone O
( O
Mitsuda O
et O
al O
. O

Vacuolar O
H O
+ O
- O
ATPase O
activity O
is O
required O
for O
endocytic O
and O
secretory O
traf B-Process
fi I-Process
cking I-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
F O
) O
Boxplot O
showing O
distribution O
of O
phloem O
along O
the O
radial O
axis O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
. O

METHODS O
Plant O
Growth B-Process
, O
Transgenic O
Plants O
, O
Gene O
Expression O
, O
and O
Phenotypic O
Analysis O
Populus B-Species
deltoides I-Species
3 O
Populus B-Species
euramericana I-Species
cv O
. O

The O
mobile O
phase O
was O
on O
- O
line O
generated O
KOH O
at O
0 O
. O
5 O
mL O
min O
- O
1 O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
who O
also O
showed O
that O
the O
expression O
of O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
was O
controlled O
in O
a O
temporal O
and O
spatial O
man O
- O
ner O
. O

To O
identify O
the O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
binding O
motifs O
, O
we O
then O
sequenced O
the O
inserts O
of O
these O
positive O
clones O
. O

Barros O
J O
, O
Serk O
H O
, O
Granlund O
I O
, O
Pesquet O
E O
. O

ZEN1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
key O
enzyme O
in O
the O
degradation B-Process
of O
nuclear O
DNA O
during O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
of O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
the O
weak O
and O
limited O
expression O
of O
PttCesA3 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C I-CommonName
was O
completely O
different O
from O
the O
broad O
range O
of O
expression O
of O
the O
other O
fi O
ve O
genes O
. O

barbadense I-Species
are O
tetraploid O
( O
combination O
of O
genome O
A O
and O
D O
) O
and O
they O
are O
likely O
to O
have O
developed O
differences O
in O
gene O
regulation O
during O
their O
respective O
evolution O
. O

( O
f O
- O
i O
) O
Enhanced O
vascular B-Location
cell O
proliferation B-Process
in O
xvp B-CommonName
nac048 B-CommonName
double O
mutants O
. O

To O
further O
explore O
the O
relationship O
between O
D O
and O
stem B-Location
water O
content O
, O
we O
compared O
the O
expression O
patterns O
of O
D O
in O
reproductive O
stems B-Location
of O
a O
dry O
- O
stem B-Location
variety O
( O
74LH3213 O
) O
and O
its O
nearly O
isogenic O
line O
d O
- O
NIL O
. O

There O
was O
a O
slight O
increase O
in O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
stems B-Location
and O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
decrease O
in O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
stems B-Location
( O
Figure O
5D O
) O
. O

4 O
Relative O
expression O
of O
WRKY33 B-CommonName
, O
WRKY46 B-CommonName
, O
MKK9 B-CommonName
, O
MPK3 B-CommonName
and O
ATG8h B-CommonName
genes O
. O

How O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
elongate O
: O
a O
tale O
of O
linear O
cell O
- O
growth B-Process
mode O
. O

The O
regulatory O
roles O
of O
ethylene B-Compound
and O
reactive B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
( O
ROS B-Compound
) O
in O
plant O
salt O
stress O
responses O
. O

If O
the O
most O
likely O
TAG0014 O
genotype O
was O
homozygous O
for O
an O
alternative O
allele O
to O
the O
reference O
, O
then O
the O
ref O
- O
erence O
was O
substituted O
with O
the O
TAG0014 O
allele O
. O

Can O
genetic O
engineering O
of O
lignin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
be O
accomplished O
without O
an O
unacceptable O
yield O
penalty O
? O
Curr O
. O

The O
amount O
of O
- O
O O
- O
4 O
linkages O
( O
D2 O
and O
D3 O
in O
Figs O
. O

Phenylpropanoid B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
was O
active O
in O
both O
developing B-Location
tracheids I-Location
and O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
, O
as O
was O
evident O
from O
the O
GO O
enrichment O
of O
the O
500 O
most O
Figure O
2 O
. O

However O
, O
the O
underlying O
mechanisms O
that O
regulate O
cambium B-Location
activity O
are O
largely O
unknown O
. O

WRKY15 B-CommonName
reporter O
expression O
in O
the O
procambium B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
the O
root B-Location
meristematic I-Location
zone I-Location
( O
Related O
to O
Figure O
1 O
) O
. O

GFP O
signals O
were O
observed O
at O
almost O
all O
cortical O
mi O
- O
crotubules O
both O
inside O
and O
outside O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
( O
Figure O
S1D O
) O
. O

Since O
the O
surface O
of O
both O
the O
PM O
and O
the O
secreted O
CW O
material O
increase O
at O
the O
tip O
, O
we O
hypothesize O
that O
the O
balance O
between O
endocytosis B-Process
and O
exocytosis B-Process
rates O
might O
be O
tilted O
towards O
exocytosis B-Process
at O
the O
tip O
of O
ANX B-CommonName
- O
OX O
PTs O
. O

GFP O
- O
CESA3 B-CommonName
labeled O
CSC O
particles O
were O
not O
visible O
in O
the O
YFP O
channel O
( O
C O
) O
, O
and O
were O
visible O
only O
in O
the O
GFP O
channel O
( O
D O
) O
. O

The O
upstream O
factors O
, O
which O
control O
the O
transcription O
of O
these O
master O
switches O
, O
are O
largely O
unknown O
. O

Samples O
were O
sectioned O
to O
approximately O
70 O
nm O
thickness O
using O
a O
Leica O
UCT O
microtome O
and O
mounted O
on O
75 O
mesh O
copper O
grids O
( O
Ted O
Pella O
) O
coated O
with O
0 O
. O
3 O
% O
formvar O
( O
Electron O
Microscope O
Sciences O
) O
and O
then O
stained O
with O
2 O
% O
uranyl O
acetate O
in O
70 O
% O
methanol O
and O
Reynold O
" O
s O
lead O
citrate O
. O

It O
is O
possible O
that O
spruce B-Species
and O
maybe O
other O
conifers B-Species
retain O
the O
viability O
of O
at O
least O
parts O
of O
the O
latewood B-Compound
tracheids B-Location
for O
the O
same O
purposes O
. O

Pingli O
Liu O
( O
Institute O
of O
Botany O
, O
Chinese O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
) O
for O
professional O
analyses O
of O
phyloge O
- O
netic O
tree O
and O
Dr O
. O

Additionally O
, O
ChIP O
- O
qPCR O
was O
performed O
to O
further O
validate O
if O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
could O
directly O
regulate O
these O
genes O
( O
Figure O
S4 O
) O
. O

( O
Scale O
bar O
: O
50 O
mu O
M O
. O
) O
( O
C O
and O
D O
) O
Frequency O
of O
roots B-Location
with O
the O
indicated O
number O
of O
metaxylem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
rlp44 B-CommonName
and O
BR B-Compound
- O
related O
mutants O
. O

Cellulose B-CommonName
Synthase I-CommonName
Trajectory O
Angle O
Distribution O
To O
investigate O
the O
distribution O
of O
the O
CesA B-CommonName
trajectories O
, O
time O
series O
with O
10 O
sec O
intervals O
were O
average O
- O
projected O
. O

The O
NAM B-CommonName
, O
ATAF1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
, O
and O
CUC2 B-CommonName
( O
NAC B-CommonName
) O
domain O
and O
MYB B-CommonName
domain O
transcription O
factors O
( O
TFs O
) O
function O
as O
master O
regulators O
. O

( O
G O
) O
Left O
: O
time O
frames O
of O
individual O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
located O
fl O
uorescent O
GFP O
- O
CC1 B-CommonName
and O
tdT O
- O
C6 O
foci O
reveal O
that O
they O
migrate O
as O
one O
foci O
fi O
rst O
( O
yellow O
arrowhead O
at O
time O
0 O
s O
) O
. O

We O
have O
used O
this O
regularized O
GGM O
to O
build O
a O
gene O
network O
for O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Signi O
fi O
cantly O
lessconservation O
wasobserved O
in O
the O
binding O
pocketof O
CSLA B-CommonName
family O
members O
, O
perhapsre O
fl O
ectingeither O
different O
substrate O
binding O
speci O
fi O
city O
or O
different O
evolutionary O
origins O
proposed O
for O
the O
CSLA B-CommonName
and O
CESA B-CommonName
/ O
CSLD B-CommonName
clades O
of O
land O
plants O
( O
Little O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

Similar O
reduction O
in O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
and O
increased O
xylem B-Location
formation B-Process
were O
also O
observed O
in O
stable O
RNAi O
lines O
of O
tobacco B-Species
for O
genes O
, O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
presence O
of O
gap O
region O
in O
the O
stem O
loop O
sequences O
of O
miR396 B-CommonName
, O
miR160 B-CommonName
and O
miR172 B-CommonName
in O
Aa O
resulted O
in O
inaccurate O
stem O
- O
loop O
structure O
prediction O
. O

The O
samples O
were O
then O
fi O
xed O
in O
4 O
% O
paraformaldehyde O
( O
Sigma O
) O
. O

Ryser O
U O
( O
1985 O
) O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
differentiating O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bres I-Location
. O

Novel O
structural O
motifs O
CQIC O
and O
SVICEXWFA O
were O
identified O
, O
which O
distinguished O
the O
CESAs B-CommonName
involved O
in O
the O
for B-Process
- I-Process
mation I-Process
of O
primary B-Compound
and I-Compound
secondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
PCW B-Compound
and O
SCW B-Compound
) O
in O
all O
the O
species O
. O

Upon O
hydrolysis B-Process
, O
samples O
were O
centrifuged O
at O
3 O
, O
500 O
g O
at O
room O
temperature O
for O
10 O
min O
. O

Light O
blue O
lines O
show O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
- O
coding O
regions O
. O

The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
rab B-CommonName
GTPase I-CommonName
family O
: O
another O
enigma O
variation O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Boxplot O
showing O
the O
distribution O
of O
phloem B-Location
along O
the O
radial O
axis O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
( O
distribution O
is O
shown O
on O
insets O
in O
[ O
E O
] O
as O
tissue O
between O
the O
red O
arrowheads O
; O
n O
5 O
7 O
) O
. O

In O
Iiyama O
and O
Tano O
, O
most O
of O
the O
tracheids B-Location
were O
depositing O
the O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
the O
S O
1 O
layer O
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
and O
9 O
% O
( O
Iiyama O
) O
and O
21 O
% O
( O
Tano O
) O
of O
tracheids B-Location
were O
forming O
the O
S O
2 O
layer O
. O

( O
XLS O
) O
Table O
S4 O
The O
83 O
shared O
rice B-Species
genes O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
98 O
: O
10079 O
- O
10084 O
. O

7 O
) O
of O
total O
RNA O
was O
reverse O
- O
transcribed O
with O
Super O
Script O
IV O
Reverse O
Transcriptase O
( O
Invitrogen O
, O
Thermo O
Fisher O
Scientific O
) O
. O

Error O
bars O
indicate O
the O
standard O
deviation O
( O
S O
. O
D O
. O
) O
of O
three O
biological O
replicates O
. O

Bars O
= O
5 O
mm O
in O
A O
and O
B O
; O
12 O
mm O
in O
C O
to O
F O
. O

Development B-Process
of O
an O
analytical O
method O
for O
genome O
- O
wide O
functional O
identification O
of O
plant O
acyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
dependent O
acyltransferases B-CommonName
. O

Characterizations O
of O
up O
and O
down O
- O
regulated O
miRNAs O
in O
xylem B-Location
of O
P B-Species
. I-Species

S11 O
Real O
- O
time O
RT O
PCR O
analysis O
showing O
that O
XVP B-CommonName
expression O
was O
repressed O
by O
TDIF B-CommonName
. O

van O
Doorn O
WG O
, O
Woltering O
EJ O
( O
2010 O
) O
What O
about O
the O
role O
of O
autophagy O
in O
PCD B-Process
? I-Process
Trends O
Plant O
Sci O
15 O
: O
361 O
- O
362 O
. O

Conserved O
AS O
events O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
Among O
orthologous O
genes O
with O
AS O
occurrence O
, O
con O
- O
served O
introns O
were O
searched O
to O
identify O
conserved O
AS O
Figure O
2 O
AS O
profile O
features O
in O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
of O
Populus B-Species
and O
Eucalyptus B-Species
. O

In O
this O
way O
, O
we O
identified O
SOBIR1 B-CommonName
/ O
EVR B-CommonName
as O
regulator O
of O
xylem B-Location
fiber I-Location
differentiation B-Process
that O
prevents O
the O
precocious O
initiation O
of O
their O
development B-Process
. O

Conversely O
, O
cluster O
9 O
showed O
increasing O
transcript O
levels O
in O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
and O
minimal O
changes O
in O
opposite B-Compound
wood I-Compound
expression O
. O

Characterization O
of O
the O
Korrigan O
gene O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

This O
number O
is O
typically O
much O
smaller O
than O
the O
number O
of O
genes O
( O
P O
) O
. O

Three O
extractions O
were O
com O
- O
pleted O
for O
each O
sample O
and O
pooled O
for O
protein O
quantification O
. O

For O
the O
PCR O
, O
OneTaq O
( O
New O
England O
Biolabs O
) O
was O
used O
according O
to O
the O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instructions O
, O
with O
1 O
min O
of O
elongation O
time O
and O
60 O
C O
for O
the O
annealing O
temperature O
. O

Col O
- O
0 O
plants O
were O
transformed O
with O
the O
CRISPR O
binary O
construct O
via O
the O
fl O
oral O
dip O
method O
, O
and O
T1 O
trans O
- O
genic O
seed O
derived O
was O
selected O
on O
B5 O
medium O
without O
sucrose O
and O
containing O
100 O
mg O
/ O
L O
hygromycin O
. O

2 O
) O
, O
the O
level O
of O
monolignols B-Compound
released O
by O
thioacidol O
- O
ysis O
in O
the O
culm B-Location
of O
the O
oscad7 B-CommonName
null O
mutant O
was O
16 O
- O
36 O
% O
lower O
than O
that O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Three O
- O
dimensional O
plot O
of O
the O
first O
three O
principal O
components O
( O
PCs O
) O
for O
genes O
classified O
by O
HC O
into O
five O
general O
patterns O
of O
expression O
. O

8 O
- O
9 O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
were O
sectioned O
at O
the O
base O
of O
mature O
25 O
- O
30 O
cm O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
. O

PCR O
showing O
the O
presence O
of O
the O
35S O
: O
: O
AtPrx37 B-CommonName
construction O
in O
lines O
of O
transformed O
plants O
selected O
by O
growing O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
kanamycin O
. O

EMBO O
J O
11 O
: O
2319 O
- O
2326 O
King O
DS O
, O
Beggs O
JD O
( O
1990 O
) O
Interactions O
of O
PRP2 B-CommonName
protein O
with O
pre O
- O
mRNA O
splicing O
complexes O
in O
Saccharomyces B-Species
cerevisiae I-Species
. O

S2a O
, O
b O
) O
, O
suggesting O
that O
the O
PttCLE47 B-CommonName
RNAi O
construct O
is O
speci O
fi O
c O
and O
does O
not O
target O
similar O
genes O
. O

The O
co O
- O
expressed O
genes O
also O
include O
GT31 B-CommonName
proteins O
( O
Table O
3 O
, O
Figure O
4 O
) O
, O
which O
may O
be O
involved O
in O
arabinogalactan B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Similar O
phenome O
- O
non O
has O
been O
reported O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Allen O
et O
al O
. O

These O
Rbohs B-CommonName
were O
conserved O
in O
physical O
properties O
, O
architectures O
of O
genes O
and O
motifs O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
. O
A O
B O
C O
Supplemental O
Figure O
S2 O
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
con O
- O
tributes O
to O
cambium B-Location
cell I-Location
division B-Process
but O
not O
cambium B-Location
cell I-Location
dif B-Process
- I-Process
ferentiation I-Process
during O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

In O
turn O
, O
546 O
genes O
showed O
differential O
expression O
( O
adjusted O
P O
, O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
when O
samples O
2856 O
Plant O
Physiol O
. O

A O
MADS B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
box I-CommonName
gene O
necessary O
for O
fruit B-Location
ripening B-Process
at O
the O
tomato B-Species
ripening O
- O
inhibitor O
( O
Rin O
) O
locus O
. O

Compared O
with O
the O
control O
( O
A O
) O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
OE O
stem B-Location
sections O
( O
B O
) O
stained O
a O
dark O
orange O
red O
color O
and O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
- O
DR O
stem B-Location
sections O
( O
C O
) O
were O
stained O
yellow O
in O
the O
interfascicular O
region O
and O
a O
less O
intense O
red O
color O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
. O

The O
Lightshift O
Chemiluminescent O
EMSA O
kit O
was O
used O
to O
perform O
in O
vitro O
binding O
analyses O
( O
Thermo O
Scientific O
) O
. O

Tano O
is O
a O
grafted O
clone O
and O
Nishikawa O
, O
Iiyama O
and O
Chosui O
are O
cutting O
clones O
. O

2 O
FONDAP O
Center O
for O
Genome O
Regulation O
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
Transcriptional O
regulatory O
network O
analysis O
of O
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
family O
genes O
in O
rice B-Species
. O

The O
model O
that O
monolignols B-Compound
are O
exported O
out O
of O
the O
cell O
into O
all O
areas O
of O
the O
apoplast O
, O
rather O
than O
being O
selectively O
exported O
into O
secondary O
versus O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
is O
in O
agreement O
with O
the O
recent O
characterization O
of O
Casparian B-Location
strip I-Location
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
root B-Location
endodermal I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

A O
seasonal O
effect O
on O
the O
number O
of O
expressed O
genes O
is O
visible O
for O
the O
winter O
samples O
- O
slightly O
fewer O
genes O
in O
the O
low O
expression O
range O
and O
slightly O
more O
in O
the O
highest O
expression O
ranges O
. O

3a O
, O
b O
) O
, O
which O
comprises O
the O
( O
1 O
- O
10 O
) O
and O
( O
110 O
) O
re O
fl O
ections O
indexed O
according O
to O
the O
Ib O
crystal O
structure O
35 O
. O

( O
P O
) O
Composite O
image O
of O
N O
and O
O O
to O
show O
that O
the O
blue O
color O
revealing O
the O
GUS O
activity O
is O
located O
into O
the O
endodermal B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

com I-Species
- I-Species
munis I-Species
( O
RicCCR B-CommonName
) O
were O
obtained O
by O
querying O
GenBank O
NCBI O
. O

Although O
there O
was O
no O
particular O
evidence O
of O
enhancement O
in O
roots B-Location
and O
stems B-Location
, O
the O
additional O
GUS O
expression O
in O
secondary B-Location
veins I-Location
in O
leaves B-Location
suggested O
that O
the O
3 O
region O
of O
PtX14A9 B-CommonName
contains O
an O
element O
modulat O
- O
ing O
gene O
expression O
in O
a O
vascular B-Location
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
manner O
. O

However O
, O
we O
have O
been O
unable O
to O
narrow O
the O
locus O
any O
further O
, O
owing O
to O
its O
chromosomal O
position O
near O
the O
centromere O
. O

bungei I-Species
were O
determined O
using O
the O
Expert O
Protein O
Analysis O
System O
( O
ExPASy O
, O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
cn O
. O
expasy O
. O
org O
/ O
) O
. O

To O
extract O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
material O
, O
seedlings O
were O
first O
air O
- O
dried O
overnight O
in O
a O
60 O
deg O
C O
oven O
. O

C O
, O
Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
Golgi O
density O
in O
the O
cell O
cortex B-Location
before O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
( O
PCW B-Compound
) O
and O
at O
early O
, O
mid O
, O
and O
late O
stages O
of O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
. O

All O
proteins O
cloned O
in O
pDB O
- O
Dest O
vectors O
were O
tested O
for O
autoactiva O
- O
tion O
on O
SD O
Trp O
- O
Leu O
His O
medium O
. O

( O
2017 O
) O
using O
50 O
- O
500 O
ng O
protein O
and O
50 O
ng O
adaptor O
- O
ligated O
genomic O
DNA O
prepared O
from O
E B-Species
. I-Species

All O
the O
IDs O
, O
GO O
association O
and O
expression O
level O
of O
the O
identi O
fi O
ed O
transcripts O
used O
in O
this O
study O
are O
available O
along O
with O
BLASTP O
scores O
and O
e O
- O
values O
in O
the O
Supplementary O
data O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Six O
- O
week O
- O
old O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
overexpression O
( O
35S O
: O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
) O
plants O
. O

Three O
or O
four O
independent O
transformants O
per O
construct O
were O
analyzed O
. O

supervised O
the O
experiments O
; O
A O
. O
L O
. O
S O
. O

The O
positive O
interactions O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
with O
two O
ubiquitously O
expressing O
Skp1 B-CommonName
in O
rice B-Species
, O
OSK1 B-CommonName
and O
OSK20 B-CommonName
, O
proved O
that O
it O
has O
a O
valid O
F O
- O
box O
domain O
. O

3 O
) O
, O
but O
the O
pectic O
fraction O
tended O
to O
have O
more O
galactose O
and O
less O
galacturonic O
acid O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
from O
4 O
- O
5 O
individuals O
of O
8 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
extracted O
proteins O
were O
incubated O
with O
pretreated O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
antibody O
- O
coupled O
agarose O
beads O
( O
Sigma O
) O
. O

A O
total O
of O
192 O
genes O
were O
upregulated O
in O
common O
by O
both O
inhibitors O
, O
which O
represent O
more O
than O
75 O
% O
of O
TA B-Compound
- O
induced O
genes O
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

The O
IIP4 B-CommonName
homologs O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
the O
species O
based O
on O
known O
sequences O
from O
the O
PLAZA O
2 O
. O
5 O
database O
( O
http O
: O
/ O
/ O
bioinformatics O
. O

Transcript O
levels O
were O
measured O
by O
qPCR O
, O
relative O
to O
AtACT2 B-CommonName
. O

data O
) O
were O
utilized O
in O
mining O
for O
the O
expressed O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
AtUTr2 B-CommonName
is O
an O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
nucleotide B-CommonName
sugar I-CommonName
transporter I-CommonName
located O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
capable O
of O
transporting O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
galactose I-Compound
. O

The O
aim O
of O
this O
project O
was O
to O
identify O
new O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
. O

SUMMARY O
DIVARICATA B-CommonName
AND I-CommonName
RADIALIS I-CommonName
INTERACTING I-CommonName
FACTOR I-CommonName
( O
DRIF B-CommonName
) O
from O
snapdragon O
( O
Antirrhinum B-Species
majus I-Species
) O
is O
a O
MYB B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
SANT I-CommonName
protein O
that O
interacts O
with O
related O
MYB B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
SANT I-CommonName
proteins O
, O
RADIALIS B-CommonName
and O
DIVARICATA B-CommonName
, O
through O
its O
N O
- O
terminal O
MYB B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
SANT I-CommonName
domain O
. O

Expression O
pattern O
of O
IQD13 B-CommonName
, O
related O
to O
Figure O
1 O
( O
A O
) O
Relative O
mRNA O
level O
of O
IQD13 B-CommonName
in O
cultured O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
LexA O
: O
VND6 O
) O
0 O
h O
and O
32 O
h O
after O
treatment O
with O
( O
+ O
Est O
) O
or O
without O
( O
- O
Est O
) O
estrogen O
. O

In O
Plant O
stems B-Location
: O
physiology O
and O
functional O
morphology O
( O
ed O
. O

A O
HCT B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
route O
from O
caffeoyl B-Compound
shikimate I-Compound
to O
caffeoyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
( O
Fig O
. O

Validation O
of O
the O
Pfam O
prediction O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
subcellular O
localization O
. O

Their O
high O
spatial O
resolution O
within O
the O
woody O
tissues O
allows O
analyses O
in O
speci O
fi O
c O
phases O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
from O
cell O
division B-Process
to O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
. O

Wood B-Compound
property O
determination O
Poplar B-Species
wood B-Compound
samples O
were O
prepared O
in O
the O
form O
of O
5 O
( O
ra O
- O
dial O
) O
mm O
9 O
5 O
( O
tangential O
) O
mm O
9 O
30 O
( O
longitudinal O
) O
mm O
pieces O
. O

Hospital O
user O
on O
28 O
February O
2020 O
1004 O
| O
Alabdallah O
et O
al O
. O

To O
identify O
the O
potential O
target O
genes O
of O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
, O
ChIP O
- O
Seq O
assay O
was O
performed O
using O
a O
ZmNST3 B-CommonName
- O
specific O
antibody O
. O

Long O
, O
Meeting O
US O
biofuel O
goals O
with O
less O
land O
: O
the O
potential O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
, O
Global O
Change O
Biol O
. O

This O
result O
indicated O
a O
possibility O
that O
PXY B-CommonName
might O
not O
be O
the O
only O
receptor O
acting O
upstream O
of O
WOX4 B-CommonName
. O

If O
the O
CMU1 B-CommonName
puncta O
were O
motile O
, O
we O
expected O
that O
the O
recovery O
would O
preferentially O
happen O
at O
the O
peripheries O
of O
the O
bleached O
areas O
and O
slowly O
move O
toward O
the O
centers O
. O

BMC O
Plant O
Biology O
( O
2019 O
) O
19 O
: O
552 O
Page O
3 O
of O
18 O
Fig O
. O

To O
determine O
the O
percentage O
of O
ruptured O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
( O
PTs O
) O
, O
PT O
length O
and O
width O
measurements O
, O
pollen B-Location
grains O
and O
PTs O
were O
imaged O
with O
a O
Leica O
DM6000 O
and O
analyzed O
using O
the O
ImageJ O
1 O
. O
47d O
software O
( O
) O
. O

Indian O
journal O
of O
biochemistry O
& O
biophysics O
, O
48 O
, O
47 O
. O

Sequence O
- O
based O
analysis O
of O
transloca B-Process
- I-Process
tions I-Process
and O
inversions O
in O
bread O
wheat B-Species
( O
Triticum B-Species
aestivum I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
. O

Teoh O
KH O
, O
Polichuk O
DR O
, O
Reed O
DW O
. O

Sampling O
of O
the O
Stem B-Location
Material O
A O
stem B-Location
piece O
was O
collected O
from O
breast O
height O
of O
the O
stem B-Location
in O
an O
area O
devoid O
of O
damage O
or O
traumatic O
resin O
ducts O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

However O
, O
a O
complete O
picture O
of O
tra B-Process
ffi I-Process
cking I-Process
and O
assembly B-Process
of O
cellu B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lose I-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complexes O
has O
not O
yet O
been O
presented O
( O
Bashline O
et O
al O
. O

No O
obvious O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
defects O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

WRKY B-CommonName
proteins O
are O
a O
superfamily O
of O
transcription O
factors O
in O
plants O
. O

The O
plant O
hormones O
are O
a O
structurally O
unre O
- O
lated O
collection O
of O
small O
molecules O
derived O
from O
various O
essential O
metabolic O
pathways O
. O

Hence O
, O
it O
may O
not O
be O
directly O
engaged O
in O
protein O
- O
protein O
interac O
- O
tions O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Whole O
and O
magnified O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
the O
third O
internodes O
in O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
stems B-Location
at O
9 O
WAP O
. O

Table O
S12 O
Genes O
corresponding O
to O
process O
categories O
on O
systems O
model O
( O
Excel O
file O
) O
This O
file O
contains O
a O
worksheet O
with O
the O
list O
of O
genes O
corresponding O
to O
the O
biological O
processes O
present O
on O
the O
systems O
model O
in O
Fig O
. O

Strikingly O
, O
using O
the O
math O
app O
mitigated O
this O
neg O
- O
ative O
relation O
between O
parents O
' O
math O
anxiety O
and O
children O
' O
s O
math O
achievement O
. O

Expression O
profile O
of O
the O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Fine O
- O
tuning O
of O
the O
cytoplasmic O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
concentration O
is O
essential O
for O
pollen B-Location
tube I-Location
growth B-Process
. O

We O
were O
interested O
in O
genes O
that O
are O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
fiber B-Location
cells I-Location
at O
15 O
DPA O
and O
20 O
DPA O
, O
at O
the O
start O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
enzyme O
lignins B-Compound
containing O
the O
residue O
from O
the O
enzymatic O
digestion O
were O
dissolved O
into O
DMSO O
- O
d O
6 O
/ O
pyridine O
- O
d O
5 O
( O
4 O
: O
1 O
) O
after O
washing O
and O
dry O
- O
ing O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Auxin B-Compound
- O
induced O
expression O
of O
PtoHB7 B-CommonName
and O
PtoHB8 B-CommonName
in O
WT O
and O
PtoIAA9m B-CommonName
- O
OE O
lines O
. O

The O
ability O
of O
poplar B-Species
KNAT7 B-CommonName
to O
activate O
reporters O
in O
Y1H O
assays O
is O
not O
necessarily O
inconsistent O
with O
a O
role O
as O
a O
negative O
regulator O
. O

The O
growth B-Process
traits O
were O
as O
follows O
: O
DBH O
( O
cm O
) O
, O
H O
( O
m O
) O
and O
V O
( O
m O
3 O
) O
. O

Table O
S1 O
Transcriptomic O
data O
and O
Gene O
Ontology O
enrichment O
analyses O
. O

However O
, O
due O
to O
their O
enormous O
commercial O
value O
, O
considerable O
effort O
is O
going O
into O
genetic O
engineering O
of O
conifers B-Species
. O

Based O
on O
expression O
data O
, O
AtERF28 B-CommonName
may O
then O
be O
considered O
as O
a O
candidate O
for O
regulation O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
metabolism B-Process
in O
particular O
cell O
types O
that O
are O
not O
reinforced O
by O
the O
typical O
deposi O
- O
tion O
of O
lignin B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

Calcofluor O
white O
and O
pontamine O
fast O
scarlet O
4B O
( O
S4B O
) O
were O
used O
for O
cellulose B-Compound
staining O
. O

1996 O
) O
, O
and O
brassinosteroid B-CommonName
light I-CommonName
and I-CommonName
sugar1 I-CommonName
( O
bls1 B-CommonName
) O
and O
boule1 B-CommonName
( O
bul1 B-CommonName
) O
( O
Catterou O
et O
al O
. O

benthamiana O
leaves O
in O
fi O
ltrated O
with O
the O
construct O
combinations O
shown O
in O
the O
left O
panels O
. O

The O
increased O
understanding O
emerging O
from O
this O
study O
opens O
the O
possibility O
of O
generating O
a O
seemingly O
unlimited O
variety O
of O
xylan B-Compound
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
patterns O
. O

* O
Muyuan O
Zhu O
analyzed O
the O
data O
, O
authored O
or O
reviewed O
drafts O
of O
the O
paper O
, O
approved O
the O
final O
draft O
. O

The O
accumulation B-Process
of O
GUS O
and O
native O
CAD B-CommonName
transcripts O
, O
and O
the O
localisation O
of O
GUS O
staining O
were O
monitored O
in O
different O
plant O
tissues O
. O

Forty O
four O
out O
of O
50 O
rbohH B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
- O
3 O
independent O
Hygromicin O
- O
resistant O
T1 O
lines O
showed O
rescue O
of O
fertility O
and O
exhibited O
similar O
expression O
pattern O
. O

Tobias O
CM O
, O
Chow O
EK O
( O
2005 O
) O
Structure O
of O
the O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
gene O
family O
in O
rice B-Species
and O
promoter O
activity O
of O
a O
member O
associated O
with O
lignification B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
, O
WRKY40 B-CommonName
( O
At1g80840 B-CommonName
) O
was O
upregulated O
by O
TA B-Compound
only O
( O
' O
' O
Supplemen O
- O
tary O
Table O
S4 O
' O
' O
) O
. O

An O
increase O
or O
reduction O
of O
this O
particu O
- O
lar O
enzyme O
directly O
affects O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
sucrose B-Compound
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
The O
acetyl O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

( O
2019 O
) O
, O
using O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaric I-Compound
acid I-Compound
or O
ferulic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
as O
substrates O
. O

Anti O
- O
Flag O
( O
Tiangen O
) O
immu O
- O
noprecipitation O
was O
carried O
out O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Exploring O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
conifers O
by O
silencing O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
: I-CommonName
shikimate I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyltransferase I-CommonName
in O
Pinus B-Species
radiata I-Species
. O

( O
1995 O
) O
and O
adapted O
by O
de O
la O
Torre O
et O
al O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
by O
targeting O
the O
lac B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
case I-CommonName
genes O
( O
Lu O
et O
al O
. O

The O
cotton B-Species
( O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
) O
NAC B-CommonName
tran O
- O
scription O
factor O
( O
FSN1 B-CommonName
) O
as O
a O
positive O
regulator O
participates O
in O
controlling O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
modification B-Process
of O
fibers B-Location
. O

Althouigh O
functional O
genomics O
studies O
and O
rapidly O
accumulating O
transcriptomic O
data O
continue O
to O
assist O
with O
the O
discovery O
and O
functional O
annotation O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
genes O
in O
E B-Species
. I-Species

2003 O
) O
, O
CAD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A I-CommonName
( O
Eudes O
et O
al O
. O

As O
a O
complement O
, O
the O
objective O
of O
the O
present O
study O
was O
to O
extent O
the O
scope O
of O
their O
investigation O
by O
studying O
protein O
alteration O
along O
a O
cam O
- O
bial O
age O
( O
CA O
) O
gradient O
encompassing O
several O
samples O
col O
- O
lected O
along O
the O
stem B-Location
from O
the O
base O
to O
the O
crown B-Location
of O
an O
adult O
maritime B-Species
pine I-Species
tree O
. O

Consistent O
with O
the O
VIGS O
results O
, O
the O
silencing O
of O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
genes O
through O
RNA O
interference O
did O
not O
result O
in O
any O
adverse O
phenotypic O
variations O
in O
terms O
of O
plant O
height O
, O
internodes B-Location
number O
and O
stem B-Location
girth O
when O
compared O
to O
con O
- O
trol O
plants O
. O

Only O
one O
copy O
was O
identified O
for O
TaCesA9 B-CommonName
. O

These O
observations O
indicate O
that O
these O
genes O
belong O
to O
a O
different O
regulon O
that O
is O
expressed O
in O
cells O
forming O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
, O
but O
not O
exclusively O
. O

Means O
+ O
- O
SD O
from O
four O
biological O
replicates O
. O

A O
cotton B-Species
gene O
encoding O
MYB B-CommonName
- O
Like O
transcription O
factor O
is O
specifically O
expressed O
in O
pollen B-Location
and O
is O
involved O
in O
regulation O
of O
late O
anther B-Location
/ O
pollen B-Location
development B-Process
. O

We O
selected O
two O
independent O
lines O
for O
further O
analyses O
. O

The O
initial O
oven O
tem O
- O
perature O
was O
130 O
deg O
C O
( O
held O
for O
3 O
min O
) O
and O
then O
ramped O
at O
a O
rate O
of O
3 O
deg O
C O
per O
minute O
to O
260 O
deg O
C O
and O
held O
for O
5 O
min O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Zoom O
of O
the O
spectral O
range O
from O
1200 O
cm O
- O
1 O
to O
1800 O
cm O
- O
1 O
of O
the O
average O
spectra O
of O
the O
ray B-Location
area O
selected O
for O
each O
of O
the O
cross O
- O
section O
images O
. O

For O
example O
, O
only O
AtPAL1 B-CommonName
and O
AtPAL2 B-CommonName
have O
functional O
specificity O
for O
nitrogen O
deficiency O
and O
low O
temperature O
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
role O
of O
plant O
hormones O
in O
higher O
plant O
cellular O
differentiation B-Process
. O

Correspondence O
and O
requests O
for O
materials O
should O
be O
addressed O
to O
S O
. O
G O
. O
H O
. O

There O
were O
no O
significant O
differences O
in O
expression O
levels O
between O
root B-Location
tissue I-Location
and O
the O
five O
stem B-Location
sections O
( O
A O
- O
E O
) O
for O
C3H B-CommonName
, O
CCoAOMT B-CommonName
, O
F5H B-CommonName
and O
CAD B-CommonName
. O

IQ O
- O
TREE O
: O
a O
fast O
and O
effective O
stochastic O
algorithm O
for O
estimating O
maximum O
- O
likelihood O
phylogenies O
. O

Keywords O
: O
Arabidopsis B-Species
Bioenergy O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
HCT B-CommonName
Lignin B-Compound
Sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
. O

Differential O
nuclease O
sensitivity O
pro O
fi O
ling O
of O
chromatin O
reveals O
biochemical O
footprints O
coupled O
to O
gene O
expression O
and O
functional O
DNA O
elements O
in O
maize B-Species
. O

Com O
- O
pared O
to O
SAM B-Location
and O
RAM B-Location
, O
the O
regulatory O
mechanism O
in O
vascular B-Location
meristem I-Location
is O
not O
well O
understood O
. O

However O
, O
it O
was O
established O
that O
the O
cells O
are O
capable O
of O
protecting O
themselves O
against O
the O
hydrolases O
by O
producing O
a O
specific O
peptide O
which O
is O
transported O
through O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
toward O
the O
extracellular O
space O
. O

Isolation O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
gene O
To O
identify O
the O
genes O
that O
are O
functionally O
expressed O
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
, O
over O
4000 O
cDNA O
clones O
were O
randomly O
selected O
from O
a O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
library O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

Expression O
signals O
were O
detected O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
of O
leaves O
and O
leaf B-Location
sheaths O
( O
Fig O
. O

Figure O
S7 O
Overexpression O
of O
PtrCLE20 B-CommonName
delayed O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
at O
early O
developmental O
stages O
. O

The O
overexpression O
and O
knock O
- O
down O
experiments O
indicated O
that O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
( O
c O
) O
( O
h O
) O
( O
i O
) O
( O
j O
) O
( O
k O
) O
( O
e O
) O
( O
f O
) O
( O
d O
) O
( O
g O
) O
Fig O
. O

Data O
are O
mean O
6 O
standard O
error O
of O
the O
mean O
( O
SEM O
) O
of O
three O
independent O
experiments O
with O
more O
than O
150 O
pollen B-Location
grains I-Location
or O
ten O
siliques O
per O
genotype O
and O
experiment O
. O

Possible O
role O
of O
laccases B-CommonName
in O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
In O
the O
extracellular O
lignin B-Compound
- O
producing O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
tissue O
culture O
, O
peroxidases B-CommonName
seem O
to O
have O
a O
major O
role O
in O
activation O
of O
monolignols B-Compound
for O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
as O
hindering O
the O
peroxidase B-CommonName
action O
by O
scavenging O
H B-Compound
2 I-Compound
O I-Compound
2 I-Compound
reduced O
the O
amount O
of O
extracellular O
lignin B-Compound
( O
K O
EUR O
ark O
EUR O
onen O
et O
al O
. O

5C O
) O
, O
and O
displayed O
limited O
recovery O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Representative O
overview O
images O
of O
WT O
and O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
pollen B-Location
grown O
in O
vitro O
for O
5 O
h O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
Composition O
Two O
mg O
of O
AIR O
were O
subjected O
to O
thioacidolysis O
for O
4 O
h O
at O
100 O
deg O
C O
in O
a O
nitrogen O
atmosphere O
with O
2 O
. O
5 O
% O
boron O
trifluoride O
diethyl O
etherate O
( O
BF O
3 O
) O
, O
and O
10 O
% O
ethanethiol O
( O
EtSH O
) O
solution O
in O
dioxane O
. O

Centrifuged O
and O
washed O
with O
3 O
mL O
of O
ddH2O O
for O
3 O
times O
. O

Ordinar O
- O
ily O
speaking O
, O
the O
same O
sequence O
means O
similar O
functions O
. O

Although O
no O
H3K4me1 O
or O
( O
a O
) O
( O
b O
) O
Fig O
. O

Lane O
3 O
is O
the O
protein O
markers O
for O
molecular O
weight O
. O

In O
order O
to O
accurately O
modify O
gene O
expression O
in O
immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
, O
we O
looked O
for O
an O
alternative O
promoter O
to O
overexpress O
genes O
at O
an O
early O
stage O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
. O

The O
molecular O
basis O
of O
cytokinin B-Compound
function O
. O

Vermeer O
for O
critically O
reading O
the O
manuscript O
. O

This O
has O
led O
us O
to O
speculate O
that O
D O
may O
be O
involved O
in O
determining O
the O
death B-Process
of O
pith B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
in O
sorghum B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Seeds O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ecotype O
Columbia O
germinate O
poorly O
after O
exposure O
to O
high O
temperature O
, O
but O
this O
thermoinhibition O
is O
alleviated O
by O
strigolac O
- O
tone O
addition O
( O
11 O
) O
. O

2 O
2010 O
differentially O
expressed O
between O
10 O
and O
20 O
DPA O
in O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
of O
G O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
detailed O
observations O
of O
ANX B-CommonName
- O
OX O
PTs O
showed O
that O
apical O
CW O
thickening O
occurred O
before O
the O
invagination O
of O
the O
apical O
membrane O
. O

Screening O
genes O
that O
change O
expression O
during O
compression O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Chamaecyparis B-Species
obtusa I-Species
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
did O
not O
identify O
shared O
nodes O
between O
the O
EIN3 B-CommonName
and O
ERF B-CommonName
gene O
modules O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S5 O
) O
, O
supporting O
diverse O
functions O
for O
these O
TF O
families O
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Efforts O
are O
being O
made O
towards O
the O
full O
sequencing O
of O
the O
cotton B-Species
genome O
and O
, O
recently O
, O
the O
D O
genome O
from O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
minimum O
peptide O
length O
was O
set O
to O
eight O
amino O
acids O
, O
matching O
- O
between O
- O
runs O
was O
enabled O
with O
an O
alignment O
time O
of O
30 O
min O
and O
matching O
time O
window O
of O
30 O
s O
. O

Data O
are O
means O
( O
m O
) O
SD O
from O
50 O
cells O
. O

SEDEROFF O
, O
1994 O
Genetic O
linkage O
maps O
of O
Eucalyptus B-Species
grandis I-Species
and O
E B-Species
. I-Species

Early O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
phenotypes O
of O
transgenic O
plants O
with O
overexpressing O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
. O

Normalization O
was O
carried O
out O
using O
quantile O
method O
and O
Bayes O
statistics O
were O
applied O
to O
determine O
the O
differential O
expression O
between O
the O
comparisons O
. O

truncatula I-Species
based O
on O
amino O
acid O
identities O
with O
the O
orthologous O
proteins O
from O
A B-Species
. I-Species

A O
group O
of O
593 O
genes O
, O
differing O
sig O
- O
nificantly O
( O
P O
adj O
< O
= O
0 O
. O
1 O
; O
jFC O
> O
= O
2j O
) O
between O
the O
WT O
and O
sft B-CommonName
recipients O
of O
the O
homografts O
and O
the O
corresponding O
3 O
recipients O
of O
the O
heterografts O
were O
identified O
( O
Fig O
. O

Our O
phylogenic O
analysis O
indicated O
that O
D O
proteins O
belong O
to O
a O
subfamily O
that O
is O
close O
to O
the O
NAC1 B-CommonName
subfamily I-CommonName
within O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
superfamily I-CommonName
. O

Populus B-Species
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
Role O
in O
Glucuronoxylan B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
subcellular O
localization O
( O
Supplementary O
Figure O
S2 O
) O
. O

Labelling O
in O
these O
fibres B-Location
is O
mainly O
confined O
to O
the O
SCW B-Compound
- O
GL O
interface O
. O

G B-Location
- I-Location
fibres I-Location
on O
the O
TW B-Compound
side O
show O
reduced O
pink O
staining O
. O

Digestion O
with O
Proteinase O
K O
was O
performed O
at O
45 O
o O
C O
for O
4 O
hours O
. O

The O
script O
calculated O
kymographs O
for O
each O
horizontal O
pixel O
row O
. O

The O
quartz O
capillary O
tip O
was O
perpendicularly O
introduced O
into O
the O
target O
cell O
using O
a O
cell O
pressure O
probe O
( O
also O
see O
the O
view O
from O
another O
angle O
, O
C O
) O
to O
collect O
cell O
sap O
from O
each O
cell O
type O
. O

( O
D O
) O
Maximum O
intensity O
projection O
of O
a O
confocal O
stack O
of O
a O
lateral B-Location
root I-Location
co O
- O
expressing O
GCP2 B-CommonName
: O
3xGFP O
( O
top O
) O
and O
YFP O
: O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
( O
middle O
) O
. O

In O
our O
investigation O
, O
DCB O
severely O
inhibited O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
and O
resulted O
in O
morpho O
- O
logical O
defects O
in O
roots B-Location
, O
such O
as O
swollen O
root B-Location
tips I-Location
. O

kaempferi I-Species
Lkgene11459 O
: O
YFP O
alone O
could O
produce O
strong O
fluorescence O
. O

Freshly O
isolated O
culture O
is O
unstable O
and O
the O
capacity O
of O
mesophyll B-Location
cells I-Location
to O
transdifferentiate O
after O
induction O
with O
hormones O
is O
sustained O
until O
48 O
h O
post O
- O
isolation O
. O

Chapter O
5 O
- O
role O
of O
Plant O
Laccases B-CommonName
in O
Lignin B-Compound
Polymerization B-Process
. O

DOI O
: O
10 O
. O
7554 O
/ O
eLife O
. O
01567 O
. O
007 O
Plant O
biology O
Sankar O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
High O
- O
throughput O
mapping O
of O
cell B-Compound
- I-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymers O
within O
and O
between O
plants O
using O
novel O
microarrays O
. O

These O
results O
strongly O
indicate O
that O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
specifically O
affects O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthe B-Process
- I-Process
sis I-Process
during O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Our O
data O
suggest O
that O
a O
similar O
mechanism O
may O
operate O
in O
stem B-Location
xylem I-Location
differentiation B-Process
and O
proliferation B-Process
during O
secondary O
woody O
growth B-Process
of O
poplar B-Species
. O

The O
determination O
of O
acetyl O
bromide O
lignin B-Compound
was O
adapted O
from O
the O
standard O
protocol O
( O
Pitre O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2007 O
) O
. O

The O
supernatant O
was O
mixed O
with O
1 O
mL O
of O
glutathione O
- O
S O
- O
agarose O
beads O
( O
Sigma O
) O
and O
held O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
for O
45 O
min O
with O
gentle O
shaking O
. O

( O
F O
) O
A O
dilution O
series O
for O
the O
SFT B-CommonName
- O
3XMYC O
protein O
from O
donor O
35S O
: O
SFT B-CommonName
- O
3XMYC O
leaves B-Location
( O
Materials O
and O
Methods O
) O
. O

The O
products O
of O
the O
XylT B-CommonName
activity O
using O
Xyl B-Compound
5 O
- O
AA O
as O
the O
acceptor O
were O
characterized O
by O
MALDI O
- O
TOF O
- O
MS O
. O

They O
are O
located O
at O
the O
top O
level O
of O
the O
transcriptional O
network O
, O
in O
which O
VND1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
7 I-CommonName
specifically O
regulate O
vessel B-Location
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
and O
NST1 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
regulate O
fiber B-Location
SCW B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

Conclusion O
Our O
results O
suggest O
that O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
perturbations O
caused O
by O
inhibitors O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
such O
as O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
are O
initially O
sensed O
as O
a O
general O
wound O
- O
like O
stress O
that O
acti O
- O
vates O
the O
expression O
of O
genes O
required O
for O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
repair O
as O
well O
as O
several O
others O
genes O
involved O
in O
common O
stress O
signalling O
pathways O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
, O
the O
world O
' O
s O
most O
abundant O
biopolymer O
, O
is O
a O
major O
component O
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Sample O
preparation O
for O
microscopy O
Sample O
preparation O
was O
carried O
out O
essentially O
as O
previously O
described O
by O
Wan O
et O
al O
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
step O
of O
the O
WGCNA O
algorithm O
involves O
cal O
- O
culation O
of O
a O
data O
structure O
called O
an O
adjacency O
matrix O
. O

While O
the O
height O
of O
the O
PtrCesA3D B-CommonName
- O
suppressed O
plants O
( O
five O
cutting O
repeats O
) O
was O
Fig O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Functional O
characterization O
of O
cin B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
namyl I-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
and O
caffeic B-CommonName
acid I-CommonName
O I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
methyltransferase I-CommonName
in O
Brachypodium B-Species
distachyon I-Species
. O

Ca O
2 O
+ O
- O
activated O
reactive B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
production O
by O
Arabidopsis B-Species
RbohH B-CommonName
and O
RbohJ B-CommonName
is O
essential O
for O
proper O
pollen B-Location
tube I-Location
tip I-Location
growth B-Process
. O

SWP O
at O
the O
fi O
rst O
and O
second O
measurements O
was O
20 O
. O
42 O
and O
20 O
. O
4 O
MPa O
on O
average O
, O
respectively O
( O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Proteome O
of O
olive O
non O
- O
glandular O
trichomes O
reveals O
protective O
protein O
network O
against O
( O
a O
) O
biotic O
challenge O
. O

RsBCSA B-CommonName
, O
like O
plant O
CESA B-CommonName
and O
CSL B-CommonName
family O
proteins O
, O
is O
a O
member O
of O
the O
conserved O
GT2 B-CommonName
superfamily O
. O

Plasma O
membrane O
- O
based O
motility O
of O
fl O
uorescently O
labelled O
CesAs B-CommonName
is O
typically O
used O
as O
a O
proxy O
for O
complex O
activity O
13 O
. O

suggest O
that O
their O
novel O
approach O
could O
, O
in O
the O
future O
, O
also O
be O
applied O
to O
study O
the O
development B-Process
of O
other O
tissues O
and O
organisms O
, O
including O
animals O
. O

Valasek O
MA O
, O
Repa O
JJ O
( O
2005 O
) O
The O
power O
of O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
. O

Such O
uses O
are O
in O
considerable O
part O
determined O
by O
the O
properties O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
wood B-Compound
. O

Overall O
, O
these O
BiFC O
results O
indicate O
that O
DUF3755 B-CommonName
is O
suf O
fi O
cient O
for O
interactions O
with O
the O
HD O
proteins O
PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
and O
PtrKNAT7 B-CommonName
, O
but O
not O
for O
the O
interaction O
with O
PtrDIV4 B-CommonName
, O
consistent O
with O
Y2H O
results O
in O
Figures O
1b O
and O
4a O
. O

Association O
genetics O
of O
chemical O
wood B-Compound
properties O
in O
black B-Species
poplar I-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
nigra I-Species
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Diagram O
of O
the O
constructs O
used O
for O
the O
transformations O
. O

The O
vascular B-Location
cambium I-Location
: O
molecular O
control O
of O
cellular O
structure O
. O

Jensen O
WA O
( O
1962 O
) O
Botanical O
histochemistry O
: O
principles O
and O
practice O
( O
Freeman O
, O
San O
Francisco O
. O
) O
. O

Putative O
spermine B-CommonName
synthases I-CommonName
from O
Thalassiosira B-Species
pseudonana I-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
synthesize B-Process
thermospermine B-Compound
rather O
than O
spermine B-Compound
. O

The O
collected O
tissue O
was O
immediately O
frozen O
and O
stored O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
for O
gene O
expression O
and O
protein O
analysis O
. O

However O
, O
the O
fact O
that O
both O
TA B-Compound
and O
IXB B-Compound
can O
induce O
a O
similar O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
program I-Process
suggests O
that O
it O
is O
their O
capacity O
to O
inhibit O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
that O
activates O
PCD B-Process
. O

Error O
bars O
indicate O
SD O
of O
the O
mean O
of O
9 O
replicates O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
PaC3H17DR B-CommonName
- O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
interaction O
was O
not O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
affected O
by O
IAA B-Compound
treatment O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
data O
indicate O
that O
the O
GFP O
- O
CMU1 B-CommonName
can O
associate O
with O
certain O
membrane O
structures O
and O
that O
it O
Figure O
3 O
. O

The O
tubes O
were O
vortexed O
vigorously O
, O
and O
left O
overnight O
to O
decolorize O
the O
samples O
. O

The O
conserved O
motif O
analysis O
of O
PALs B-CommonName
proved O
the O
reliability O
of O
the O
phylogenetic O
relationship O
. O

F1 O
, O
F11 O
and O
F12 O
are O
suppression O
( O
35S O
: O
: O
anti O
- O
BpCCR1 B-CommonName
) O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Computation O
of O
cellular O
descriptors O
Overall O
median O
cell O
number O
at O
15 O
dag O
was O
883 O
for O
Col O
- O
0 O
and O
260 O
for O
Ler O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1104 O
/ O
pp O
. O
112 O
. O
199208 O
Delmer O
DP O
( O
1999 O
) O
CELLULOSE B-Compound
BIOSYNTHESIS B-Process
: O
exciting O
times O
for O
a O
difficult O
field O
of O
study O
. O

C O
, O
Merged O
image O
of O
A O
and O
B O
showing O
colocalization O
of O
signal O
in O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

Sections O
were O
post O
- O
stained O
with O
2 O
% O
( O
aq O
) O
uranyl O
acetate O
and O
examined O
with O
a O
Jeol O
JEM2010 O
transmission O
electron O
microscope O
. O

Description O
of O
a O
genetic O
standard O
for O
Gossypium B-Species
hirsutum I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species

46 O
| O
11843 O
PLANT O
BIOLOGY O
Downloaded O
at O
National O
Taiwan O
Univ O
. O

It O
has O
been O
reported O
that O
the O
phenylalanine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
( O
PAL B-CommonName
) O
in O
the O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
is O
important O
for O
lignin B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
( O
Vanholme O
et O
al O
. O

Endocytosis B-Process
in O
auxin B-Compound
canalization B-Process
and O
vasculature B-Location
formation B-Process
The O
key O
process O
in O
auxin B-Compound
canalization B-Process
- O
formation B-Process
of O
polarized O
auxin B-Compound
channels O
away O
from O
the O
localized O
auxin B-Compound
source O
is O
conceptually O
unclear O
. O

B O
, O
The O
upper O
schematic O
diagram O
and O
the O
lower O
one O
show O
652 O
the O
promoter O
regions O
of O
HCT B-CommonName
in O
( O
A O
) O
and O
in O
( O
C O
- O
F O
) O
separately O
. O

Although O
thirteen O
distinct O
clades O
were O
clus O
- O
tered O
( O
Fig O
. O

Bars O
100 O
lm O
J O
Plant O
Res O
( O
2012 O
) O
125 O
: O
771 O
- O
779 O
777 O
123 O
amorphous O
silica O
after O
polymerization B-Process
( O
Ma O
and O
Takahashi O
2002 O
; O
Yamaji O
et O
al O
. O

Error O
bars O
denote O
SD O
of O
three O
biological O
samples O
. O

The O
cells O
were O
settled O
for O
5 O
min O
and O
the O
upper O
5 O
ml O
of O
the O
medium O
was O
removed O
to O
adjust O
cell O
density O
. O

Along O
the O
y O
- O
axis O
is O
the O
number O
of O
mutant O
lines O
demonstrating O
signi O
fi O
cant O
difference O
from O
WT O
. O

Methods O
for O
Hemp B-Species
Cell B-Compound
Wall I-Compound
Characterization O
FIGURE O
2 O
| O
Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
of O
hemp B-Species
stem B-Location
( O
A O
) O
and O
hemp B-Species
bast B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
( O
B O
) O
as O
an O
average O
of O
the O
six O
hemp B-Species
accession O
analyzed O
. O

Lignans B-Compound
are O
optically O
active O
phenolic B-Compound
dimers O
and O
have O
various O
antioxidant O
effects O
( O
Hudgins O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2003 O
) O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
the O
size O
of O
the O
secondary B-Location
phloem I-Location
in O
PttCLE47 B-CommonName
RNAi O
trees O
remained O
unaf O
- O
fected O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
left O
box O
visualizes O
the O
8 O
amino O
acids O
surrounding O
the O
N O
- O
terminal O
end O
of O
the O
endogenous O
peptides O
( O
labeled O
P8 O
till O
P1 O
and O
P1 O
' O
till O
P8 O
' O
) O
, O
while O
the O
right O
box O
visualizes O
those O
surrounding O
the O
C O
- O
terminus O
. O

Some O
PDIs O
were O
consistent O
with O
previously O
reported O
PDIs O
for O
poplar B-Species
, O
such O
as O
MYB026 B-CommonName
with O
the O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
promoter O
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
protein O
displayed O
a O
catalytic O
activity O
of O
GX B-CommonName
methyltransferase I-CommonName
. O

Colored O
asterisks O
highlight O
example O
peaks O
as O
they O
move O
through O
the O
kymograph O
. O

& O
Od O
e O
n O
, O
P O
. O
C O
. O

The O
size O
of O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
the O
four O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
slightly O
but O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
smaller O
than O
those O
in O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
without O
exception O
. O

benthamiana I-Species
and O
8 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
poplar B-Species
show O
a O
similar O
second B-Location
- I-Location
ary I-Location
xylem I-Location
structure O
( O
Figure O
1 O
) O
. O

Edges O
in O
feed O
- O
forward O
loops O
are O
red O
. O

2003 O
) O
, O
and O
were O
then O
observed O
by O
micros O
- O
copy O
. O

CWR O
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
residue O
; O
DFRC O
, O
derivatization O
followed O
by O
reductive O
cleavage O
. O

The O
ccr1g B-CommonName
and O
the O
ccc O
cross O
- O
sections O
were O
smaller O
than O
the O
WT O
and O
the O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
. O

Carbohydrate O
pathways O
that O
are O
differentially O
regulated O
during O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
stage O
. O

The O
paired O
organization B-Process
of O
DUF579 B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
Populus B-Species
is O
likely O
due O
to O
genome O
duplication O
( O
Tuskan O
et O
al O
. O

We O
identi O
fi O
ed O
the O
Populus B-Species
SWNs B-CommonName
by O
a O
combina O
- O
tion O
of O
phylogenetic O
and O
spatially O
highly O
resolved O
gene O
expression O
analyses O
. O

However O
, O
no O
report O
had O
shown O
the O
relationship O
between O
F5H1 B-CommonName
expression O
and O
VND B-CommonName
in O
pre O
- O
vious O
studies O
. O

Mol O
Plant O
5 O
: O
304 O
- O
317 O
McCartney O
L O
, O
Marcus O
SE O
, O
Knox O
JP O
( O
2005 O
) O
Monoclonal O
antibodies O
to O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
xylans B-Compound
and O
arabinoxylans B-Compound
. O

MYB103 B-CommonName
is O
required O
for O
FERULATE B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
HYDROXYLASE I-CommonName
expression O
and O
syringyl B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

Table O
S16 O
Genes O
linked O
to O
acetyl B-Compound
- I-Compound
CoA I-Compound
production O
corresponding O
to O
the O
numbered O
reaction O
steps O
on O
Fig O
. O

The O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
the O
pxc1 B-CommonName
mutants O
were O
taller O
than O
those O
of O
the O
wild O
- O
type O
, O
with O
the O
phenotype O
most O
pronounced O
in O
the O
pxc1 B-CommonName
- O
3 O
line O
( O
Additional O
file O
5 O
) O
. O

The O
radial O
swelling B-Process
phenotype O
may O
be O
linked O
to O
reduced O
expression O
of O
a O
number O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
proteins O
Analysis O
of O
the O
microarray O
data O
demonstrated O
suppression O
in O
the O
expression O
of O
a O
disproportionate O
number O
of O
genes O
coding O
for O
proteins O
with O
GPI B-CommonName
anchors I-CommonName
and O
/ O
or O
AGPs B-CommonName
. O

The O
reduction O
of O
both O
p O
- O
hydroxybenzoate O
and O
p O
- O
coumarate O
esters O
was O
consistent O
with O
the O
decreased O
incorporation O
of O
S B-Compound
- I-Compound
lignin I-Compound
monomers O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
135 O
( O
2019 O
) O
87 O
- O
98 O
91 O
turnover O
, O
chaperones O
" O
, O
and O
" O
function O
unknown O
" O
. O

The O
fi O
rst O
of O
these O
investigated O
the O
metabolic O
trends O
of O
each O
combination O
, O
including O
several O
independent O
transgenic O
events O
for O
each O
con O
- O
struct O
and O
a O
range O
of O
transgene O
- O
induced O
severity O
in O
phenotypic O
traits O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

In O
MH O
Zimmermann O
, O
JA O
Milburn O
, O
eds O
, O
Transport O
in O
Plants O
I O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
we O
implemented O
the O
FOX O
system O
in O
poplar B-Species
using O
a O
library O
derived O
from O
developing B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

Many O
of O
the O
identified O
proteins O
belong O
to O
protein O
families O
well O
known O
to O
participate O
in O
signal O
transduction O
. O

Relative O
amount O
of O
soluble O
PA O
in O
tt10 O
and O
wild O
- O
type O
seeds B-Location
. O

The O
Kelch O
motif O
was O
discovered O
in O
1993 O
as O
a O
repeat O
element O
in O
the O
se O
- O
quence O
of O
the O
Drosophila B-Species
melanogaster I-Species
Kelch O
ORF1 B-CommonName
protein O
. O

The O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
used O
in O
previous O
studies O
may O
not O
be O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
at O
all O
. O

Genes O
significantly O
up O
- O
and O
down O
- O
regulated O
are O
indicated O
in O
red O
and O
blue O
, O
respectively O
. O

The O
digested O
DNA O
was O
then O
separated O
on O
a O
0 O
. O
7 O
% O
agarose O
gel O
and O
transferred O
onto O
a O
Hybond O
- O
XL O
membrane O
( O
Amersham O
Biosciences O
) O
. O

Statistics O
5 O
one O
- O
way O
ANOVA O
and O
Tukey O
HSD O
post O
hoc O
test O
( O
P O
, O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

The O
observation O
that O
SND2 B-CommonName
overexpression O
led O
to O
enhanced O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
fibres B-Location
and O
that O
it O
potentially O
regulates O
cellulosic O
genes O
are O
important O
findings O
, O
because O
evidence O
supports O
the O
existence O
of O
a O
similar O
transcriptional O
network O
regulating O
fibre B-Location
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
in O
angiosperm O
trees O
[ O
13 O
, O
33 O
, O
34 O
] O
. O

To O
address O
the O
defects O
of O
the O
rice B-Species
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
in O
node O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
we O
analyzed O
tissue O
morphology O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
. O

In O
situations O
of O
carbohydrate O
limita O
- O
tion O
or O
cell O
expansion B-Process
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
derived O
sugars B-Compound
can O
be O
retrieved O
through O
sugar O
transport O
proteins O
( O
STPs O
; O
Sherson O
et O
al O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
pCA B-Compound
units O
, O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
mutation O
likely O
also O
contributed O
to O
the O
augmentation O
of O
the O
grass O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
tricin B-Compound
( I-Compound
T I-Compound
) I-Compound
lignin I-Compound
units O
. O

S4 O
; O
Table O
S1 O
) O
as O
described O
by O
Ployet O
et O
al O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
( O
c O
) O
2015 O
Extended O
Data O
Figure O
6 O
| O
Iron O
deprivation O
and O
NaCl O
stress O
influences O
lignin B-Compound
and O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
associated O
gene O
expression O
. O

Yet O
, O
it O
is O
not O
clear O
as O
to O
how O
many O
genes O
are O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
wood B-Compound
density O
. O

Even O
though O
it O
is O
generally O
accepted O
that O
the O
microtubule O
cytoskeleton O
in O
fl O
uences O
the O
pattern O
of O
micro O
fi O
bril O
deposition B-Process
, O
the O
actin O
cytoskeleton O
may O
also O
function O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
by O
regulating O
the O
delivery O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
synthesising O
enzymes O
to O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

For O
the O
' O
Select O
Lines O
' O
set O
, O
transformants O
harbouring O
the O
same O
construct O
in O
di O
ff O
erent O
genetic O
backgrounds O
were O
selected O
based O
on O
both O
a O
high O
level O
of O
phenotypic O
severity O
, O
and O
a O
similar O
level O
of O
severity O
between O
the O
backgrounds O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

An O
exception O
is O
the O
CesA B-CommonName
family O
, O
where O
specific O
clades O
are O
populated O
by O
members O
of O
both O
grass O
and O
dicot O
species O
[ O
8 O
, O
58 O
] O
. O

Analogous O
to O
WT O
, O
neither O
CBM3a O
nor O
LM10 O
signals O
were O
detected O
in O
the O
pith B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
all O
the O
selected O
atwrky12 B-CommonName
+ O
35S O
: O
: O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
lines O
( O
Fig O
. O

Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
IRX9 B-CommonName
( O
- O
L O
) O
and O
IRX14 B-CommonName
( O
- O
L O
) O
belong O
to O
the O
CAZy B-CommonName
GT43 B-CommonName
family O
. O

Despite O
the O
repressed O
precocious O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
, O
we O
could O
still O
observe O
interca O
- O
lated O
phloem B-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
in O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
vnd6 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
( O
Fig O
. O

Mapping O
and O
separation O
can O
re O
fl O
ect O
the O
che O
- O
mical O
variations O
in O
di O
ff O
erent O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
lines O
. O

PCR O
conditions O
were O
as O
follows O
; O
3 O
min O
initial O
denaturation O
at O
95 O
* O
C O
, O
followed O
by O
39 O
cycles O
of O
denaturation O
at O
95 O
* O
C O
for O
10 O
s O
, O
primer O
annealing O
at O
58 O
* O
C O
for O
10 O
s O
, O
and O
a O
20 O
s O
extension O
step O
at O
72 O
* O
C O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
branches O
on O
GX B-Compound
polymers O
were O
also O
decreased O
in O
the O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
. O

The O
chemical O
linkage O
between O
lignin B-Compound
subunit O
was O
altered O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
of O
OXPdWND3A B-CommonName
. O

These O
fi O
ndings O
have O
advanced O
our O
understanding O
of O
the O
process O
of O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
its O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
, O
and O
spatial O
organization B-Process
. O

All O
of O
these O
proteins O
are O
glycosylated O
and O
contain O
hydroxyproline B-Compound
, O
except O
for O
GRPs B-CommonName
( O
reviewed O
in O
Cassab O
1998 O
) O
. O

AsA B-Compound
and O
GSH B-Compound
contents O
significantly O
increased O
in O
WT O
under O
drought O
stress O
, O
whereas O
they O
remained O
relatively O
unchanged O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

Longitudinal O
( O
b O
) O
and O
transverse O
( O
c O
) O
sections O
of O
stems B-Location
and O
transverse O
sections O
of O
roots B-Location
( O
f O
, O
g O
) O
are O
also O
shown O
. O

We O
chose O
as O
candidate O
reference O
genes O
a O
set O
of O
known O
and O
widely O
used O
genes O
which O
have O
been O
tested O
on O
M B-Species
. I-Species

GhATAF1 B-CommonName
, O
a O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factor O
, O
confers O
abiotic O
and O
biotic O
stress O
responses O
by O
regulating O
phytohormonal O
signaling O
networks O
. O

Moreover O
, O
wood B-Compound
density O
together O
with O
cellulose B-Compound
microfibril O
angle O
( O
MFA O
) O
determines O
the O
mechanical O
property O
of O
wood B-Compound
products O
( O
stiffness O
) O
( O
Evans O
and O
Ilic O
2001 O
, O
Dungey O
et O
al O
. O

It O
is O
suggested O
that O
annexins B-CommonName
create O
a O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
influx O
pathway O
directly O
, O
particularly O
during O
stress O
Fig O
. O

Consequently O
, O
the O
expression O
of O
many O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
related O
genes O
had O
not O
yet O
started O
to O
decline O
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
at O
20 O
DPA O
even O
though O
genes O
required O
for O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
were O
beginning O
to O
show O
increased O
expression O
( O
see O
Figure O
5A O
, O
B O
) O
. O

1j O
, O
l O
) O
, O
which O
had O
complete O
complementation O
in O
most O
transgenic O
lines O
( O
Fig O
. O

2 O
Changes O
in O
tissue O
structure O
in O
nodes B-Location
at O
three O
different O
stages O
. O

grandis I-Species
that O
allows O
the O
production O
of O
transgenic O
roots B-Location
easily O
detectable O
by O
fl O
uorescent O
markers O
. O

A O
Waters O
e2695 O
Separations O
Module O
and O
Showa O
Denko O
Shodex O
SP O
- O
0810 O
sugar O
column O
( O
85 O
* O
C O
) O
with O
micro O
- O
guard O
de O
- O
ashing O
columns O
equipped O
with O
a O
Waters O
2414 O
Refractive O
Index O
Detector O
were O
employed O
. O

Recently O
, O
transcript O
pro O
fi O
ling O
of O
the O
genes O
expressed O
during O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Zinnia B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
has O
led O
to O
the O
iden O
- O
ti O
fi O
cation O
of O
a O
plant O
- O
speci O
fi O
c O
family O
of O
transcription O
factors O
containing O
a O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
which O
regulate O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

The O
number O
of O
miRNAs O
detected O
in O
this O
study O
was O
lower O
compared O
to O
another O
study O
[ O
61 O
] O
because O
miRNAs O
are O
most O
abundant O
in O
leaves O
and O
flowers B-Location
. O

( O
2004 O
) O
Sucrose B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
: O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
and O
pivotal O
roles O
in O
sugar O
sensing O
and O
plant O
development B-Process
. O

( O
B O
) O
Arrows O
indicate O
cell O
plates O
. O

Its O
predicted O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
contained O
a O
typical O
annexin B-CommonName
domain O
, O
which O
consisted O
of O
four O
repeats O
( O
Repeat O
1 O
- O
4 O
) O
. O

2011 O
) O
, O
whereas O
NAC075 B-CommonName
induced O
ectopic O
vessel B-Location
- I-Location
like I-Location
cells O
( O
Endo O
et O
al O
. O

PtX14A9 B-CommonName
- O
5 O
/ O
3 O
stems B-Location
exhibited O
very O
faint O
GUS O
activity O
at O
the O
same O
locations O
. O

Chang O
S O
. O
J O
. O
, O
Puryear O
J O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
a O
mutation O
in O
the O
AtRBOHD B-CommonName
gene O
eliminated O
ROS B-Compound
accu B-Process
- I-Process
mulation I-Process
during O
a O
disease O
resistance O
reaction O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
inoculated O
with O
avirulent O
P B-Species
. I-Species

We O
found O
that O
mutation O
of O
the O
AC O
- O
type O
element O
in O
the O
GT43A B-CommonName
promoter O
abolishes O
transactivation O
by O
PtxtMYB021 B-CommonName
, O
whereas O
an O
AC O
multimer O
confers O
PtxtMYB021 B-CommonName
transactivation O
capacity O
to O
a O
minimal O
35S O
promoter O
( O
Figure O
3b O
) O
. O

The O
assembled O
transcripts O
were O
annotated O
using O
Cuffcom O
- O
pare O
version O
2 O
. O
0 O
. O
2 O
. O

To O
further O
examine O
the O
nuclear O
localization O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
, O
the O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
was O
determined O
in O
a O
transient O
expression O
system O
in O
N B-Species
. I-Species

This O
might O
point O
to O
a O
role O
of O
these O
genes O
during O
fl B-Location
ower I-Location
development B-Process
in O
apple B-Species
and O
constitute O
interesting O
targets O
for O
future O
functional O
characterization O
. O

These O
authors O
argue O
that O
condensed O
protoplast O
morphology O
may O
be O
caused O
by O
different O
mechanisms O
: O
an O
active O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
- O
associated O
cellular O
retraction O
( O
as O
in O
animal O
apoptosis B-Process
) O
or O
simple O
rupture O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
. O

The O
nucleotide O
sequence O
of O
the O
PaMC5 B-CommonName
coding O
region O
was O
de O
- O
posited O
into O
the O
National O
Center O
for O
Biotechnology O
Information O
database O
under O
accession O
number O
KP058500 O
. O

Characterization O
of O
tension O
and O
nor O
- O
mally O
lignified O
mood O
cellulose B-Compound
in O
Populus B-Species
maximowiczii I-Species
. O

The O
ge O
- O
netic O
backgrounds O
of O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
were O
con O
fi O
rmed O
to O
be O
bc14 B-CommonName
by O
the O
presence O
of O
a O
cleaved O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
polymorphic O
se O
- O
quence O
( O
Fig O
. O

Increased O
thickness O
and O
smaller O
cell O
area O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
the O
transgenic O
lines O
imply O
increased O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
area O
to O
cell O
area O
ratio O
and O
increased O
wood B-Compound
density O
( O
Fig O
. O

14 O
of O
the O
27 O
ACC B-Compound
- O
regulated O
ERFs B-CommonName
carried O
the O
TEIL B-CommonName
motif O
in O
their O
2 O
kb O
promoter O
indicating O
a O
potential O
regulation O
of O
at O
least O
part O
of O
the O
ERFs B-CommonName
through O
EIN3s B-CommonName
upon O
high O
ethylene B-Compound
levels O
( O
Felten O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2018 O
) O
. O

Due O
to O
the O
limited O
genomic O
sources O
of O
Chinese B-Species
fir I-Species
, O
it O
is O
important O
to O
explore O
transcriptome O
for O
further O
molecular O
improvement O
. O

The O
downregulation O
of O
F5H B-CommonName
was O
again O
apparent O
in O
the O
transcriptome O
analysis O
, O
and O
it O
was O
one O
of O
the O
most O
highly O
downregulated O
genes O
in O
knat3 B-CommonName
knat7 B-CommonName
stems B-Location
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
as O
described O
previously O
( O
Xu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

1c O
) O
, O
which O
we O
con O
fi O
rmed O
with O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
plants O
expressing O
pSTL1 O
: O
STL1 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

edited O
the O
manuscript O
, O
co O
- O
supervised O
the O
study O
with O
S O
. O
H O
. O

We O
identi O
fi O
ed O
SNBE O
- O
like O
sequences O
in O
the O
pro O
- O
moter O
region O
of O
multiple O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
associated O
genes O
in O
banana B-Species
thus O
indicating O
that O
banana B-Species
VNDs B-CommonName
might O
regulate O
their O
downstream O
genes O
by O
these O
motifs O
. O

The O
expression O
of O
target O
genes O
, O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
, O
in O
their O
respective O
stable O
RNAi O
and O
overex O
- O
pression O
lines O
is O
given O
as O
supplementary O
Fig O
. O

MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
acts O
upstream O
of O
CO B-CommonName
, O
FT B-CommonName
, O
LFY B-CommonName
, O
AP1 B-CommonName
and O
CAL B-CommonName
to O
promote O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
in O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

OsD B-CommonName
expression O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

M7 O
and O
M12 O
were O
enriched O
in O
genes O
strongly O
regulated O
by O
water O
in O
addition O
to O
regulated O
by O
K O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
pIs O
of O
the O
Rbohs B-CommonName
ranged O
from O
8 O
. O
65 O
to O
9 O
. O
63 O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

4 O
) O
, O
which O
was O
consistent O
with O
the O
predominant O
expression O
of O
TBL34 B-CommonName
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

A O
protein O
interaction O
map O
of O
Drosophila B-Species
melanogaster I-Species
. O

( O
2002 O
) O
A O
kinesin B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein O
is O
essential O
for O
oriented O
deposition B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
micro B-Location
fi I-Location
brils I-Location
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
strength O
. O

But O
in O
dicots O
, O
these O
motifs O
were O
replaced O
by O
variable O
amino O
acid O
residues O
. O

The O
precise O
de O
fi O
ciency O
in O
sclerenchymatous O
walls O
was O
further O
analyzed O
by O
transmission O
electron O
microscopy O
. O

The O
upper O
bands O
indicate O
the O
full O
transcripts O
in O
AP2 B-CommonName
lanes O
and O
the O
intron O
- O
retained O
transcripts O
in O
AUX B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
IAA I-CommonName
lanes O
. O

The O
assembly O
N50 O
was O
87 O
, O
392 O
bp O
, O
while O
the O
longest O
scaffold O
contained O
665 O
, O
812 O
bp O
. O

Wool O
IG O
( O
1996 O
) O
Extraribosomal O
functions O
of O
ribosomal O
proteins O
. O

Annals O
of O
Botany O
120 O
: O
693 O
- O
708 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
aob O
/ O
mcx050 O
. O

Similarly O
, O
a O
decrease O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
resulting O
from O
a O
mutation O
that O
affects O
the O
activity O
of O
a O
vacuolar O
H O
? O
- O
ATPase B-CommonName
subunit O
was O
associated O
with O
a O
reduction O
in O
cell O
expansion B-Process
and O
an O
extensive O
deposition B-Process
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
cells O
that O
normally O
do O
not O
lignify O
. O

Analyzed O
the O
data O
: O
AO O
HJJ O
EAR O
BE O
CM O
JLH O
HVS O
. O

Suppression O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
expression O
causes O
structural O
changes O
of O
the O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
in O
populus B-Species
. O

Lines O
showing O
no O
signal O
or O
only O
the O
2 O
k O
PCR O
product O
were O
judged O
as O
the O
nonrepeat O
type O
or O
the O
simple O
repeat O
type O
insertion O
, O
respectively O
. O

coli O
BL21 O
( O
DE3 O
) O
as O
control O
, O
1 O
mM O
SAM B-Compound
and O
1 O
mM O
CoCl O
2 O
. O

4 O
Acid O
- O
insoluble O
lignin B-Compound
of O
plants O
phenotypically O
restored O
by O
chi O
- O
meric O
activators O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Protoxylem B-Location
discontinuities O
in O
the O
maturation B-Process
zone O
of O
roots B-Location
of O
atpao5 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
plants O
grown O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
50 O
u O
M O
or O
100 O
u O
M O
Therm O
- O
Spm O
. O

Scale O
bar O
5 O
2 O
. O
5 O
mm O
in O
( O
A O
) O
and O
50 O
mm O
in O
( O
B O
) O
to O
( O
K O
) O
. O

UV O
microscopy O
can O
reveal O
the O
deposition B-Process
pattern O
of O
phenolic B-Compound
components O
including O
lignin B-Compound
and O
polysaccharide O
- O
linked O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-Compound
esters I-Compound
, O
which O
are O
the O
major O
constituents O
that O
deposit O
in O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
but O
are O
less O
ubiquitous O
in O
the O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

bungei I-Species
and O
investigated O
their O
evolutionary O
divergence O
and O
conserved O
domains O
. O

No O
staining O
was O
seen O
in O
the O
gametophore B-Location
leaves I-Location
in O
the O
PpCESA4pro O
: O
: O
GUS O
lines O
( O
Fig O
. O

Additionally O
, O
the O
detection O
of O
the O
bast B-Location
and O
the O
WHC O
could O
also O
be O
performed O
with O
immunohistochemistry O
, O
as O
Technovit O
7100 O
is O
compatible O
with O
antibodies O
. O

All O
these O
proteins O
were O
categorized O
into O
two O
groups O
, O
the O
monocot O
group O
including O
BSH1 B-CommonName
and O
the O
dicot O
group O
including O
AtCYP96A15 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
aforementioned O
interactions O
support O
the O
key O
roles O
of O
MYB B-CommonName
and O
NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
in O
regulating O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
identify O
new O
candidate O
regulators O
. O

Identification O
and O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
CesAs B-CommonName
from O
M B-Species
. I-Species

The O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
will O
be O
useful O
for O
genetic O
improvement O
of O
Miscanthus B-Species
to O
alter O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
components O
and O
increase O
biomass O
yield O
and O
biofuel O
production O
. O

Many O
factors O
in O
the O
in O
vitro O
assay O
could O
aVect O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
diVer O
- O
ent O
linkages O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
Comparative O
genome O
analysis O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
gene O
families O
across O
the O
plant O
kingdom O
. O

To O
provide O
comprehensive O
genome O
- O
wide O
transcript O
profiling O
in O
TW O
formation B-Process
and O
to O
identify O
the O
key O
genes O
involved O
in O
the O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
of O
B B-Species
. I-Species

Kinetic O
parameters O
, O
V O
max O
and O
K O
m O
, O
were O
calculated O
using O
nonlinear O
regression O
. O

These O
multivariate O
statistical O
analyses O
( O
supervised O
or O
not O
) O
clearly O
illustrates O
the O
separation O
of O
the O
four O
treatments O
and O
the O
clustering O
of O
the O
biological O
replicates O
. O

Notably O
, O
the O
precursor O
ions O
of O
three O
monolignol B-Compound
glucosides O
were O
detected O
as O
their O
acetate O
aducts O
, O
which O
have O
masses O
59 O
. O
0 O
Da O
higher O
than O
the O
monolignol B-Compound
molecular O
weights O
. O

In O
situ O
hybridization O
and O
immunolabelling O
results O
were O
found O
to O
be O
consistent O
between O
the O
two O
experiments O
. O

The O
acquired O
images O
were O
processed O
with O
Photoshop O
CS5 O
extended O
and O
Photoshop O
CC O
( O
Adobe O
Systems O
) O
. O

Gene O
expression O
in O
response O
to O
auxin B-Compound
is O
regulated O
on O
the O
transcriptional O
level O
in O
a O
manner O
highly O
similar O
to O
that O
of O
GA B-Compound
response O
. O

New O
Phytologist O
( O
2019 O
) O
223 O
: O
766 O
- O
782 O
2019 O
The O
Authors O
New O
Phytologist O
2019 O
New O
Phytologist O
Trust O
www O
. O
newphytologist O
. O
com O
Research O
New O
Phytologist O
774 O
Fig O
. O

Curr O
Opin O
Plant O
Biol O
7 O
: O
737 O
- O
742 O
Pfaf O
fl O
MW O
( O
2001 O
) O
A O
new O
mathematical O
model O
for O
relative O
quanti O
fi O
cation O
in O
real O
- O
time O
RT O
- O
PCR O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
and O
the O
subsequent O
steps O
applied O
for O
the O
HPLC O
separation O
of O
the O
methanolic O
extract O
followed O
the O
protocols O
given O
by O
the O
same O
authors O
. O

Importantly O
however O
, O
this O
was O
only O
observed O
for O
files O
of O
phloem B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

Fibers O
are O
the O
most O
abundant O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
containing O
cells O
in O
wood B-Compound
of O
dicot O
species O
. O

1g O
) O
while O
the O
two O
remaining O
lines O
produced O
seeds B-Location
with O
patchy O
mucilage B-Compound
extrusion B-Process
, O
suggesting O
partial O
complementation O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Candidates O
for O
para O
FIGURE O
4 O
| O
MCR O
- O
ALS O
image O
multiset O
results O
of O
the O
multiset O
structure O
formed O
by O
complete O
cross O
- O
section O
images O
. O

METHODS O
Plant O
Materials O
and O
Growth O
Conditions O
Plants O
of O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Regulation O
of O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
fate O
. O

The O
expression O
pattern O
of O
the O
genes O
, O
and O
their O
subsequent O
division O
into O
two O
groups O
, O
was O
not O
consistent O
with O
their O
position O
within O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
( O
Fig O
. O

Sum O
- O
frequency O
generation O
vibrational O
spectroscopy O
demonstrated O
that O
the O
cellu B-Compound
- I-Compound
lose I-Compound
properties O
of O
these O
induced O
SCWs B-Compound
are O
consistent O
with O
the O
properties O
of O
native O
tracheary B-Location
element I-Location
SCWs B-Compound
( O
31 O
) O
. O

2015 O
; O
M O
e O
nard O
and O
Pesquet O
2015 O
; O
Serk O
et O
al O
. O

In O
this O
line O
, O
the O
lignin B-Compound
level O
was O
reduced O
by O
17 O
% O
and O
lignin B-Compound
structure O
was O
strongly O
altered O
, O
with O
a O
200 O
% O
increase O
in O
condensed O
bond O
content O
and O
a O
nearly O
complete O
lack O
of O
S B-Compound
- I-Compound
lignin I-Compound
. O

7 O
and O
14 O
hours O
post O
- O
transfection O
) O
gene O
targets O
. O

Infrared O
micro O
- O
spectroscopy O
of O
human O
cells O
: O
causes O
for O
the O
spectral O
variance O
of O
oral O
mucosa O
( O
buccal O
) O
cells O
. O

Cell O
and O
molecular O
biology O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

In O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stems I-Location
, O
the O
GUS O
signal O
was O
restricted O
to O
interfascicular B-Location
( I-Location
IF I-Location
) I-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Inohara O
N O
, O
Nu O
n O
ez O
G O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
is O
a O
hydrophobic O
polymer O
that O
per O
- O
meates O
plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
impedes O
the O
biochemical O
processes O
used O
for O
plant O
biomass O
conversion O
into O
fermentable O
sugars O
( O
Zeng O
et O
al O
. O

Friml O
, O
Clathrin O
mediates O
endocytosis B-Process
and O
polar O
distribution O
of O
PIN B-CommonName
auxin B-Compound
transporters O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
Plant O
Cell O
23 O
( O
2011 O
) O
1920 O
- O
1931 O
. O

Previous O
studies O
have O
shown O
that O
the O
glycans B-Compound
of O
fungal O
laccases B-CommonName
interact O
with O
the O
connection O
region O
of O
domains O
II O
and O
III O
, O
which O
could O
influence O
the O
catalysis O
efficiency O
of O
the O
enzyme O
19 O
. O

After O
incubation O
and O
destruction O
of O
the O
added O
enzymatic O
activity O
by O
autoclaving O
, O
the O
extracts O
were O
assayed O
for O
elicitor O
activity O
. O

The O
NMR O
data O
matches O
exactly O
that O
of O
the O
independently O
synthesized O
authentic O
standard O
compound O
( O
24 O
) O
. O

Cinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
reductase I-CommonName
( O
CCR B-CommonName
) O
family O
Delineation O
of O
structural O
and O
functional O
clades O
The O
CCR B-CommonName
converts O
several O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-Compound
CoA I-Compound
esters I-Compound
to O
their O
hydroxycinnamic B-Compound
aldehydes I-Compound
, O
using O
NADPH O
as O
reducing O
power O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
tagged O
protein O
was O
then O
recorded O
at O
3 O
wk O
postgrafting O
. O

Sequences O
with O
very O
atypical O
sizes O
and O
extremely O
long O
braches O
were O
411 O
manually O
removed O
. O

Sequences O
of O
some O
of O
the O
genes O
investigated O
are O
given O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
9 O
, O
and O
the O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
146 O
( O
2020 O
) O
303 O
- O
314 O
306 O
wall B-Compound
showed O
no O
obvious O
change O
, O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickness O
of O
both O
the O
xylem B-Location
fibers I-Location
and O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
in O
transgenic O
stems B-Location
was O
markedly O
thinner O
than O
those O
of O
the O
wild O
type O
, O
suggesting O
less O
SCW B-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Unheated O
blanks O
were O
prepared O
in O
an O
identical O
manner O
and O
values O
were O
subtracted O
to O
correct O
for O
background O
absorbance O
. O

perenne I-Species
gene O
sequences O
, O
including O
a O
1000 O
bp O
upstream O
putative O
promoter O
region O
, O
were O
deposited O
in O
Genbank O
with O
accession O
numbers O
KM516121 O
to O
KM516148 O
. O

All O
mutant O
and O
transgenics O
were O
in O
the O
Columbia O
- O
0 O
( O
Col O
- O
0 O
) O
ecotype O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
trees O
were O
drawn O
with O
MEGA O
7 O
. O
0 O
( O
Kumar O
, O
Stecher O
& O
Tamura O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

Xylan B-Compound
is O
suggested O
to O
participate O
in O
the O
linking O
of O
lignin B-Compound
to O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

The O
recombinant O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
His O
protein O
using O
for O
EMSA O
with O
the O
DFR2 B-CommonName
and O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
promoter O
fragments O
was O
puri O
fi O
ed O
by O
Ni O
Sepharose O
6 O
Fast O
Flow O
( O
Amersham O
Pharmacia O
Biotech O
) O
. O

1994 O
) O
, O
and O
the O
phylogenetic O
analyses O
were O
conducted O
using O
Molecular O
Evolutionary O
Genetics O
Analysis O
( O
MEGA O
) O
version O
4 O
( O
Tamura O
et O
al O
. O

( O
1977 O
) O
Anatomy O
of O
Seed O
Plants O
, O
2nd O
edn O
. O

Thus O
, O
EuCaN1 B-CommonName
and O
EuCaN2 B-CommonName
are O
Ca B-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
+ I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
dependent I-CommonName
DNases I-CommonName
in O
natural O
condition O
. O

Eucalyptus B-Species
hairy O
roots B-Location
, O
a O
fast O
, O
efficient O
and O
versatile O
tool O
to O
explore O
function O
and O
expression O
of O
genes O
involved O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

We O
corrected O
p O
value O
by O
Bonferroni O
correction O
as O
Q O
value O
. O

* O
Line O
217 O
: O
The O
question O
concerning O
the O
specificity O
of O
ES20 O
for O
CESA6 B-CommonName
should O
be O
discussed O
. O

In O
association O
with O
the O
lignin B-Compound
modifications B-Process
, O
the O
observed O
increase O
in O
structural O
carbohydrates O
in O
the O
lac4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
lac17 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
was O
also O
reversed O
by O
complementation O
with O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Generally O
, O
APs B-CommonName
are O
most O
active O
under O
acidic O
pH O
( O
pH O
2 O
- O
6 O
) O
and O
are O
specifically O
inhibited O
by O
pepstatin O
A O
. O

RLP44 B-CommonName
Promotes O
the O
Association O
of O
PSKR1 B-CommonName
/ O
BRI1 B-CommonName
and O
Their O
Coreceptor O
. O

Di O
ff O
erences O
in O
biochemical O
composition O
between O
tissues O
are O
essentially O
in O
agreement O
with O
previous O
reports O
. O

A O
third O
pDONR O
RESEARCH O
ARTICLE O
Macmillan O
Publishers O
Limited O
. O

The O
reactions O
were O
immediately O
cooled O
down O
on O
ice O
after O
heated O
with O
various O
time O
intervals O
and O
neutralized O
with O
ammonium O
hydroxide O
. O

Signi O
fi O
cantly O
higher O
glucose B-Compound
release O
was O
observed O
in O
VIGS O
- O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
lines O
( O
74 O
. O
5 O
% O
increase O
over O
control O
) O
. O

In O
the O
dominant O
- O
negative O
suppression O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
seedlings O
, O
formation B-Process
of O
extra O
protoxylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
with O
spiral O
wall B-Compound
thickenings B-Process
in O
the O
metaxylem B-Location
position O
( O
red O
arrow O
) O
and O
ectopic O
formation B-Process
of O
TEs B-Location
in O
cortical B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
red O
arrowhead O
) O
are O
present O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
condensation O
reactions O
are O
known O
to O
make O
lignin B-Compound
more O
recalcitrant O
. O

Phenotype O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
under O
normal O
growth O
conditions O
( O
A O
) O
Phenotype O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
plants O
at O
the O
8 O
- O
leaf B-Location
stage O
. O

Expression O
of O
AtPAO1 B-CommonName
, O
AtPAO5 B-CommonName
, O
ACL5 B-CommonName
, O
and O
SAMDC4 B-CommonName
in O
various O
plant O
organs O
. O

The O
overall O
struc O
- O
ture O
of O
annexins B-CommonName
is O
evolutionary O
conserved O
. O

( O
H O
) O
False O
color O
, O
close O
- O
up O
of O
calco O
fl O
uor O
white O
- O
stained O
20th O
internode B-Location
of O
PIN5 B-CommonName
OE O
. O

Alleviation O
by O
abscisic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
of O
Al O
toxicity O
in O
rice B-Species
bean I-Species
is O
not O
associated O
with O
citrate B-Compound
efflux O
but O
depends O
on O
ABI5 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
signal O
transduction O
pathways O
. O

2009 O
) O
, O
ZePrx01 B-CommonName
( O
ZPO B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C I-CommonName
) O
from O
Zinnia B-Species
( O
Sato O
et O
al O
. O

Spectrochemical O
characterization O
by O
FT O
- O
Raman O
spectroscopyof O
wood B-Compound
heat O
- O
treated O
atlow O
temperatures O
: O
Japaneselarch O
and O
beech O
. O

Generation O
and O
analysis O
of O
OsMYB108 B-CommonName
- O
CRISPR O
lines O
. O

All O
of O
these O
PEROXIDASE B-CommonName
genes O
had O
rather O
high O
expression O
levels O
in O
all O
sample O
types O
( O
normalized O
expression O
levels O
3 O
. O
4 O
to O
10 O
. O
5 O
; O
Supplemental O
Table O
S4 O
) O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
MONOPTEROS B-CommonName
controls O
embryonic O
root B-Location
initiation O
by O
regulating O
a O
mobile O
transcription O
factor O
. O

In O
support O
to O
this O
assumption O
is O
the O
finding O
of O
Takeuchi O
et O
al O
. O

mpg O
. O
de O
/ O
MorphoGraphX O
Plant O
material O
and O
growth O
conditions O
The O
Columbia O
ecotype O
was O
used O
throughout O
. O

2009 O
) O
COMT B-CommonName
LpCOMT1 B-CommonName
RNAi O
LpOMT1 B-CommonName
( O
Heath O
et O
al O
. O

Green O
lines O
in O
- O
dicate O
gene O
pairs O
between O
G B-Species
. I-Species

Therefore O
, O
the O
GRAS B-CommonName
tran O
- O
scription O
factor O
identi O
fi O
ed O
here O
and O
the O
other O
six O
genes O
positively O
associated O
with O
MI O
provide O
interesting O
genetic O
markers O
and O
tools O
to O
understand O
this O
phenomenon O
. O

( O
a O
) O
A O
PCR O
assay O
directed O
at O
hygromycin O
resistant O
gene O
, O
using O
as O
template O
genomic O
DNA O
extracted O
from O
the O
leaves O
con O
fi O
rms O
the O
incorporation O
of O
the O
transgene O
, O
while O
an O
RT O
- O
PCR O
assay O
of O
CmMYB8 B-CommonName
from O
the O
leaves O
con O
fi O
rms O
that O
the O
CmMYB8 B-CommonName
transgene O
was O
transcribed O
at O
a O
higher O
level O
than O
in O
wild O
type O
plants O
. O

These O
data O
indicate O
that O
mutation O
in O
OsNST1 B-CommonName
causes O
a O
de O
- O
crease O
in O
the O
glucose B-Compound
content O
of O
glucoconjugated O
polymers O
and O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
providing O
direct O
support O
for O
its O
role O
in O
transporting O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
glucose I-Compound
. O

Scale O
bar O
= O
5 O
u O
m O
for O
( O
E O
) O
, O
0 O
. O
5 O
u O
m O
for O
( O
F O
) O
. O

Given O
that O
master O
transcrip O
- O
tional O
regulators O
of O
lignocellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
( O
Kubo O
et O
al O
. O

The O
resulting O
stained O
tissues O
were O
fi O
xed O
with O
FAA O
( O
50 O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
ethanol O
, O
5 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
acetic O
acid O
and O
10 O
% O
( O
v O
/ O
v O
) O
formaldehyde O
) O
, O
and O
observed O
with O
an O
Olympus O
AX70 O
light O
microscope O
. O

Arabidopsis B-Species
genotypes O
were O
all O
in O
the O
Col O
- O
0 O
background O
. O

Effects O
of O
short O
- O
time O
vibratory O
ball O
milling O
on O
the O
shape O
of O
FT O
- O
IR O
spectra O
of O
wood B-Compound
and O
cellulose B-Compound
. O

Identi O
fi O
cation O
of O
a O
novel O
transporter O
for O
dicarboxylates O
and O
tricarboxylates O
in O
plant O
mitochondria O
: O
bacterial O
expression O
, O
reconstitution O
, O
functional O
characterization O
, O
and O
tissue O
distribution O
. O

Kang O
YH O
, O
Breda O
A O
, O
Hardtke O
CS O
( O
2017 O
) O
Brassinosteroid B-Compound
signaling O
directs O
formative O
cell B-Process
divisions I-Process
and O
protophloem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
meristems I-Location
. O

A O
, O
cross O
section O
of O
lower O
stem B-Location
( O
upper O
panel O
) O
and O
upper O
stem B-Location
( O
lower O
panel O
) O
. O

Normalized O
intensities O
of O
the O
products O
with O
G O
and O
S O
moieties O
( O
left O
y O
- O
axis O
) O
, O
and O
their O
syringyl B-Compound
to O
guaiacyl B-Compound
ratios O
( O
right O
y O
- O
axis O
) O
in O
each O
sample O
were O
calculated O
from O
the O
data O
listed O
in O
Table O
S4 O
. O

All O
but O
one O
gene O
encoding O
a O
pectin B-CommonName
acetylesterase I-CommonName
were O
down O
- O
regulated O
( O
cluster O
I O
) O
in O
PR2 O
and O
PR3 O
root B-Location
samples O
, O
suggesting O
that O
a O
high O
level O
of O
pectin B-Compound
acetylation O
and O
increased O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
elasticity O
is O
needed O
during O
xylogenesis B-Process
. O

Analysis O
of O
relative O
gene O
expression O
data O
using O
real O
time O
quantitative O
PCR O
and O
the O
2 O
- O
Ct O
method O
. O

A O
, O
Digonnet O
C O
, O
Goffner O
D O
. O

S13 O
Number O
of O
cambium B-Location
layers O
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
and O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
with O
or O
without O
IBA O
treatment O
. O

The O
constructs O
maps O
are O
shown O
above O
each O
graph O
. O

Regeneration B-Process
of O
vasculature B-Location
around O
a O
wound O
is O
completed O
( O
red O
outline O
) O
. O

These O
data O
suggest O
that O
the O
bglu45 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
mutant O
has O
a O
broader O
e O
ff O
ect O
on O
monolignols B-Compound
than O
previously O
reported O
and O
that O
the O
Os4BGlu14 B-CommonName
, O
Os4BGlu16 B-CommonName
and O
Os4BGlu18 B-CommonName
proteins O
act O
as O
monolignol B-Compound
beta B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
glucosidases I-CommonName
to O
complement O
the O
defect O
. O

Za O
zi O
malov O
a O
, O
N O
. O

2a O
- O
c O
) O
, O
which O
can O
also O
be O
observed O
in O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
mutants O
30 O
. O

This O
is O
why O
the O
image O
is O
blurry O
and O
TABLE O
1 O
| O
The O
characteristic O
bands O
in O
FT O
- O
IR O
spectra O
of O
the O
studied O
samples O
and O
their O
assignments O
according O
to O
the O
literature O
data O
. O

The O
transcript O
was O
associated O
, O
along O
with O
two O
other O
mRNA O
se O
- O
quences O
, O
to O
PaMC5 B-CommonName
in O
the O
phylogenetic O
analyses O
of O
Minina O
et O
al O
. O

Confocal O
laser O
scanning O
microscopy O
was O
carried O
out O
on O
a O
Zeiss O
LSM700 O
. O

During O
root B-Location
pri O
- O
mary O
growth B-Process
, O
the O
vasculature B-Location
of O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
mutants O
showed O
no O
obvious O
defects O
in O
the O
stele B-Location
region O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Coimmunoprecipitation O
after O
transient O
expression O
in O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Frontiers O
in O
Plant O
Science O
9 O
: O
Article O
906 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
3389 O
/ O
fpls O
. O
2018 O
. O
00906 O
. O

Protein O
- O
protein O
interactions O
involving O
members O
of O
the O
homeodomain O
superfamily O
were O
also O
identi O
fi O
ed O
, O
including O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
, O
which O
regulates O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
tobacco B-Species
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

The O
IRX9 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
label O
appeared O
to O
be O
abundant O
in O
regions O
of O
the O
Golgi O
that O
are O
highly O
fenestrated O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
results O
also O
highlight O
differ O
- O
ences O
between O
D O
and O
VND6 B-CommonName
. O

Metabolic O
pro O
fi O
ling O
also O
revealed O
that O
while O
sitosterol O
was O
easily O
detectable O
in O
the O
WT O
, O
it O
was O
virtually O
undetectable O
in O
the O
DIMRNAi O
plants O
. O

The O
higher O
molecular O
mass O
extracellular O
fraction O
was O
compared O
with O
cell O
lysates O
to O
verify O
the O
absence O
of O
detectable O
intracellular O
contaminations O
in O
the O
extracellular O
medium O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

In O
roots B-Location
with O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
, O
HGs O
were O
observed O
mainly O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Figure O
5J O
) O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
quantification O
2 O
grams O
of O
surface O
sterilized O
seeds O
were O
sown O
on O
plates O
containing O
germination B-Process
media O
and O
placed O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
for O
2 O
days O
. O

Estimating O
genomic O
coexpression O
networks O
using O
first O
- O
order O
conditional O
independence O
. O

Poplar B-Species
genes O
encoding O
fasciclin B-Compound
- I-Compound
like I-Compound
arabinogalactan I-Compound
proteins O
are O
highly O
expressed O
in O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
. O

g O
Expression O
of O
PtrCesA7A B-CommonName
and O
PtrCesA8A B-CommonName
in O
early O
stage O
of O
the O
differentiating O
xylem B-Location
( O
EDX O
) O
and O
late O
stage O
of O
the O
differ O
- O
entiating O
xylem B-Location
( O
LDX O
) O
. O

We O
then O
examined O
the O
transcript O
profiles O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
in O
various O
internodes B-Location
in O
the O
stems B-Location
of O
maize B-Species
plants O
at O
the O
flowering O
stage O
. O

The O
second O
mode O
was O
chosen O
to O
improve O
the O
signal O
to O
noise O
ratio O
of O
the O
cantilever O
amplitude O
. O

EBSeq O
v1 O
. O
1 O
[ O
46 O
] O
was O
used O
to O
identify O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
. O

Our O
fi O
nding O
that O
TBL34 B-CommonName
and O
TBL35 B-CommonName
are O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
acetylation B-Process
expands O
our O
understanding O
of O
the O
functions O
of O
DUF231 B-CommonName
Y O
. O

As O
plant O
cells O
are O
encased O
by O
a O
rigid O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
and O
cannot O
migrate O
from O
their O
position O
in O
the O
tissue O
, O
this O
diversity O
in O
shape O
depends O
on O
the O
plant O
' O
s O
ability O
to O
precisely O
control O
directional O
cell O
growth B-Process
. O

Plant O
Science O
293 O
( O
2020 O
) O
110414 O
4 O
the O
features O
typical O
for O
the O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
, O
such O
as O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
patterning B-Process
and O
open O
perforation O
plates O
, O
developed O
6 O
days O
after O
application O
( O
DAA O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

BSH1 B-CommonName
is O
mainly O
expressed O
in O
developing B-Location
vascular I-Location
tissues I-Location
and O
the O
cells O
in O
which O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
secondary B-Process
thick I-Process
- I-Process
ening I-Process
is O
occurring O
. O

The O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
gene O
showed O
higher O
expression O
in O
old O
leaf B-Location
( O
OL O
) O
followed O
by O
old O
stem B-Location
( O
OS O
) O
, O
young O
leaf B-Location
( O
YL O
) O
and O
root B-Location
( O
R O
) O
( O
Fig O
. O

Legrand O
, O
Flavonoid B-Compound
accumulation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
repressed O
in O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
affects O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
and O
plant O
growth B-Process
. O

Down O
- O
regulation O
of O
hydroxycinnamoyl B-CommonName
CoA I-CommonName
: I-CommonName
Shikimate I-CommonName
hydroxycinnamoyl I-CommonName
transferase I-CommonName
in O
transgenic O
alfalfa B-Species
affects O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
, O
development B-Process
and O
forage O
quality O
. O

In O
the O
third O
internode O
, O
more O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
developed O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
region O
, O
but O
no O
interfascicular B-Location
fibers I-Location
were O
observed O
( O
Fig O
. O

LTF1 B-CommonName
Protein O
Level O
Affects O
Ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
in O
Developing B-Location
Xylem I-Location
Cells I-Location
To O
detail O
how O
LTF1 B-CommonName
regulates O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
we O
generated O
transgenic O
plants O
overexpressing O
LTF1 B-CommonName
( O
LTF1OE O
) O
. O

S13 O
and O
( O
3 O
) O
genes O
corresponding O
to O
pathway O
steps O
missing O
( O
10 O
- O
17 O
) O
. O

Primer O
sequences O
are O
listed O
in O
the O
table O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Pie O
charts O
showing O
the O
number O
of O
functional O
and O
non O
- O
functional O
D O
alleles O
in O
44 O
Asian O
and O
49 O
African O
germplasms O
. O

( O
M O
- O
P O
) O
Flowering B-Process
time O
and O
vascular B-Location
differentiation B-Process
are O
uncoupled O
. O

For O
physiological O
studies O
at O
late O
developmental O
stages O
, O
plants O
were O
grown O
either O
on O
soil O
or O
in O
hydroponic O
systems O
( O
Araponics O
) O
. O

The O
initiation O
and O
development B-Process
of O
TEs B-Location
is O
strictly O
regulated O
by O
genetically O
programmed O
processes O
that O
result O
in O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
dead O
cells O
with O
thick O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

454 O
VOLUME O
29 O
NUMBER O
5 O
MAY O
2011 O
nature O
biotechnology O
l O
e O
t O
t O
e O
r O
s O
manipulate O
auxin B-Compound
levels O
in O
ovule B-Location
epidermal I-Location
cells I-Location
at O
the O
stage O
of O
fiber B-Location
cell I-Location
initiation B-Process
in O
a O
manner O
that O
improves O
both O
cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
yield O
and O
quality O
. O

Moreover O
, O
heterologous O
expression O
of O
wheat B-Species
and O
rice B-Species
GT61s B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
can O
produce O
arabinoxylan B-Compound
( O
Anders O
et O
al O
. O

TEM O
images O
have O
shown O
that O
in O
vivo O
the O
hydrolysis B-Process
leads O
to O
formation B-Process
of O
loosely O
fibrillar O
wall B-Compound
which O
swells O
into O
the O
lumen O
of O
the O
cell O
where O
it O
disintegrates O
, O
whereas O
the O
hydrolysed O
wall B-Compound
of O
in O
vitro O
differentiating O
cells O
appeared O
granular O
lacking O
fibrillar O
components O
( O
Burgess O
and O
Linstead O
1984 O
) O
. O

Annexins B-CommonName
are O
small O
proteins O
that O
possess O
structural O
motifs O
that O
could O
support O
calcium O
transport O
. O

Transcriptional O
and O
temporal O
response O
of O
Populus B-Species
stems B-Location
to O
gravi O
- O
stimulation O
. O

The O
protein O
was O
purified O
using O
Ni O
- O
NTA O
Agarose O
( O
Qiagen O
30210 O
) O
. O

The O
DFR2 B-CommonName
promoter O
fragment O
( O
1065 O
to O
825 O
relative O
to O
transcrip O
- O
tional O
start O
site O
) O
and O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
fragment O
( O
432 O
to O
178 O
) O
were O
individually O
used O
as O
probes O
. O

Notably O
, O
some O
of O
stained O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
cells O
displayed O
characteristic O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
patterns O
of O
vessel B-Location
elements I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
pcp O
/ O
pcl039 O
Title O
: O
Xylogenesis B-Process
in O
zinnia B-Species
( O
Zinnia B-Species
elegans I-Species
) O
cell O
cultures O
: O
unravelling O
the O
regulatory O
steps O
in O
a O
complex O
developmental O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
event O
Journal O
: O
Planta O
Authors O
: O
Elena O
T O
. O

Oscillations O
in O
extracellular O
pH O
and O
reactive B-Compound
oxygen I-Compound
species I-Compound
modulate O
tip O
growth B-Process
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
hairs I-Location
. O

Expression O
pattern O
in O
a O
different O
tissues O
of O
different O
plant O
age O
and O
b O
stem B-Location
internodes I-Location
and O
leaf B-Location
gradient O
of O
mature O
, O
6 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
Miscanthus B-Species
plants O
. O

ChIP O
- O
seq O
guidelines O
and O
practices O
167 O
of O
the O
ENCODE O
and O
modENCODE O
consortia O
. O

Although O
this O
result O
shows O
that O
DHSs O
may O
be O
important O
in O
gene O
co O
- O
expression O
networks O
underlying O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
the O
study O
did O
not O
attempt O
to O
demonstrate O
biological O
replication O
of O
the O
DHSs O
, O
assess O
selective O
constraints O
at O
these O
regions O
or O
uncover O
possible O
mechanisms O
underlying O
the O
link O
between O
DHSs O
and O
the O
regulation O
of O
transcriptional O
modules O
linked O
to O
wood B-Compound
quality O
traits O
. O

Significance O
was O
determined O
by O
Student O
' O
s O
t O
- O
test O
, O
* O
* O
* O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
. O

2012 O
RNS3 B-CommonName
At1g26820 O
CAS O
I O
and O
CAS O
II O
( O
Hillwig O
et O
al O
. O

We O
have O
previously O
published O
work O
describing O
the O
downregulation O
of O
both O
the O
F5H B-CommonName
and O
CCoAOMT B-CommonName
in O
sugarcane B-Species
, O
with O
the O
result O
being O
increased O
glucose B-Compound
release O
by O
enzymatic O
hydrolysis B-Process
but O
with O
no O
decrease O
in O
lignin B-Compound
. O

net O
/ O
poplar O
) O
( O
Yu O
et O
al O
. O

Downloaded O
from O
https O
: O
/ O
/ O
academic O
. O
oup O
. O
com O
/ O
pcp O
/ O
article O
- O
abstract O
/ O
50 O
/ O
11 O
/ O
1886 O
/ O
1846372 O
by O
National O
Taiwan O
University O
user O
on O
03 O
July O
2020 O
Fig O
. O

The O
fact O
that O
the O
hexose O
and O
shikimate O
moiety O
can O
leave O
independently O
from O
each O
other O
as O
neutral O
losses O
, O
suggests O
that O
both O
are O
linked O
directly O
to O
the O
caffeic O
acid O
moiety O
and O
not O
to O
each O
other O
. O

2007b O
) O
, O
ZmCAD2 B-CommonName
/ O
bm2 B-CommonName
( O
Barri O
e O
re O
and O
Riboulet O
2007 O
) O
ZmCAD4a B-CommonName
putative O
2485944 O
. O
3 O
. O
1 O
( O
Guillaumie O
et O
al O
. O

A O
striking O
effect O
of O
loss O
- O
of O
- O
function O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
was O
the O
weak O
in B-Location
fl I-Location
orescence I-Location
stem I-Location
with O
reduced O
tensile O
and O
fl O
exural O
properties O
( O
Figure O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
two O
probes O
were O
labeled O
using O
a O
DIG O
RNA O
Labeling O
Kit O
( O
Roche O
) O
. O

Bags O
were O
removed O
after O
2 O
wk O
, O
when O
grafted O
scions O
started O
producing O
new O
leaves B-Location
. O

Plant O
Physiol O
159 O
: O
1408 O
- O
1417 O
Rennie O
EA O
, O
Scheller O
HV O
( O
2014 O
) O
Xylan O
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Therefore O
, O
saccharification B-Compound
efficiency O
increases O
as O
lignin B-Compound
content O
decreases O
. O

Roelofsen O
PA O
( O
1959 O
) O
The O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

TCPs B-CommonName
can O
be O
separated O
into O
two O
major O
groups O
, O
classes O
I O
and O
II O
, O
the O
latter O
being O
further O
divided O
into O
two O
types O
, O
CYC B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
TB1 I-CommonName
( O
ECE B-CommonName
) O
and O
CINCINNATA B-CommonName
( O
CIN B-CommonName
) O
. O

After O
washing O
twice O
with O
TBST O
, O
samples O
were O
mounted O
onto O
slides O
and O
imaged O
. O

Ann O
Bot O
100 O
: O
1467 O
- O
1473 O
Wang O
BB O
, O
Brendel O
V O
( O
2004 O
) O
The O
ASRG O
database O
: O
identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
survey O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
genes O
involved O
in O
pre O
- O
mRNA O
splicing O
. O

Lp4CL3 B-CommonName
belongs O
to O
functional O
clade O
III O
and O
was O
iden O
- O
ti O
fi O
ed O
in O
this O
study O
for O
the O
fi O
rst O
time O
, O
but O
is O
unlikely O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
based O
on O
the O
low O
enzyme O
ef O
fi O
ciency O
of O
its O
closest O
orthologue O
in O
rice B-Species
( O
Os4CL5 B-CommonName
) O
. O

Gatenholm O
, O
Effect O
of O
acetylation B-Process
on O
the O
material O
properties O
of O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
from O
aspen B-Species
wood B-Compound
, O
Carbohydr O
. O

MCKEAND O
, O
1994 O
Marker O
assisted O
selec O
- O
tion O
for O
breeding O
value O
in O
forest O
trees O
. O

The O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
protein O
sequence O
identities O
within O
the O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
family O
are O
at O
least O
81 O
% O
and O
87 O
% O
, O
respectively O
, O
and O
are O
at O
least O
75 O
% O
between O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
and O
PtrSND1 B-CommonName
families O
( O
6 O
) O
. O

BP B-CommonName
belongs O
to O
the O
KNOX B-CommonName
family O
of O
proteins O
and O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
promote O
fiber B-Location
formation B-Process
by O
positively O
regulating O
the O
transcription O
levels O
of O
NST1 B-CommonName
and O
NST3 B-CommonName
( O
7 O
, O
12 O
) O
. O

However O
, O
plants O
exhibit O
stunted O
growth B-Process
or O
abnormal O
SCW B-Compound
development B-Process
under O
excess O
VND B-CommonName
or O
SND B-CommonName
gene O
expression O
. O

In O
addition O
to O
DEG O
- O
DEG O
correlations O
we O
added O
the O
correlations O
with O
the O
14 O
identi O
fi O
ed O
DAMs O
( O
DEG O
- O
DAM O
correlations O
from O
M O
IX O
O O
MICS O
analyses O
, O
Fig O
. O

For O
a O
set O
of O
8 O
SNPs O
in O
LpCCR1 B-CommonName
, O
KASP O
assays O
were O
developed O
by O
LGC O
Genomics O
and O
validated O
in O
a O
collection O
of O
644 O
L B-Species
. I-Species

Expression O
of O
the O
key O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
induced O
by O
mechanical O
wounding O
in O
LTF1OE O
and O
Figure O
5 O
. O

Singleton O
alleles O
were O
ignored O
when O
construct O
- O
ing O
the O
haplotypes O
, O
and O
haplotypes O
with O
a O
frequency O
, O
5 O
% O
were O
also O
discarded O
. O

11 O
SLR1 B-CommonName
- O
MYB103L B-CommonName
Interaction O
regulates O
CESAs B-CommonName
and O
BC1 B-CommonName
expression O
. O

REGULAR O
PAPER O
Effect O
of O
silicon O
de O
fi O
ciency O
on O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
rice B-Species
leaf B-Location
Tsuyoshi O
Yamamoto O
* O
Atsuko O
Nakamura O
* O
Hiroaki O
Iwai O
* O
Tadashi O
Ishii O
* O
Jian O
Feng O
Ma O
* O
Ryusuke O
Yokoyama O
* O
Kazuhiko O
Nishitani O
* O
Shinobu O
Satoh O
* O
Jun O
Furukawa O
Received O
: O
23 O
November O
2011 O
/ O
Accepted O
: O
28 O
March O
2012 O
/ O
Published O
online O
: O
13 O
April O
2012 O
The O
Botanical O
Society O
of O
Japan O
and O
Springer O
2012 O
Abstract O
Rice B-Species
( O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
is O
a O
typical O
Si O
- O

accumu O
- O
lating O
plant O
and O
is O
able O
to O
accumulate O
Si O
up O
to O
> O
10 O
% O
of O
shoot B-Location
dry O
weight O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Genetic O
improvement O
of O
for O
- O
age O
crops O
- O
past O
, O
present O
and O
future O
. O

Materials O
and O
methods O
Plant O
material O
and O
sample O
preparation O
The O
experimental O
Populus B-Species
trees O
were O
grown O
in O
a O
greenhouse O
( O
Shanghai O
, O
China O
: O
31 O
deg O
11 O
' O
N O
, O
121 O
deg O
29 O
' O
E O
) O
with O
a O
light O
and O
dark O
cycle O
of O
16 O
h O
and O
8 O
h O
at O
25 O
deg O
C O
. O

Receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
kinases I-CommonName
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
form O
a O
monophyletic O
gene O
family O
related O
to O
animal O
receptor B-CommonName
kinases I-CommonName
. O

Therefore O
, O
we O
propose O
a O
refined O
explanation O
that O
not O
only O
amount O
of O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunits O
, O
but O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
RER O
may O
be O
a O
key O
for O
the O
selective O
effect O
on O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
found O
in O
the O
AtNMD3DNES B-CommonName
OE O
line O
. O

For O
Al O
treatment O
, O
seedlings O
were O
grown O
on O
the O
nutrient O
solution O
containing O
0 O
or O
4 O
mu O
M O
AlCl O
3 O
at O
pH O
5 O
. O
0 O
for O
6 O
days O
. O

To O
get O
all O
of O
the O
internal O
lipids O
in O
sheaths O
, O
this O
extraction O
was O
repeated O
three O
times O
, O
and O
all O
of O
the O
extracts O
were O
dried O
to O
about O
500 O
lL O
under O
a O
stream O
of O
nitrogen O
gas O
. O

Journal O
of O
Experimental O
Botany O
62 O
: O
2053 O
- O
2062 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
jxb O
/ O
erq395 O
. O

Schmid O
, O
Regulation O
of O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
time O
: O
all O
roads O
lead O
to O
Rome O
, O
Cell O
Mol O
. O

These O
studies O
suggest O
that O
CCR B-CommonName
genes O
tend O
to O
be O
preferably O
expressed O
in O
stem B-Location
tis I-Location
- I-Location
sues I-Location
, O
indicating O
their O
indispensable O
functions O
and O
roles O
in O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
mechanical O
support O
and O
water O
and O
nutrient O
transport O
as O
described O
above O
. O

The O
optimal O
detection O
threshold O
was O
found O
manually O
by O
choosing O
the O
threshold O
at O
which O
most O
objects O
and O
least O
noise O
pixels O
were O
found O
. O

Planta O
242 O
: O
747 O
- O
760 O
van O
Bel O
AJE O
( O
1990 O
) O
Xylem B-Location
- O
phloem B-Location
exchange O
via O
the O
rays B-Location
: O
The O
undervalued O
route O
of O
transport O
. O

Consequently O
, O
the O
xylem B-Location
region O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
suppressed O
plants O
was O
narrower O
compared O
to O
that O
of O
wild O
type O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

Gene O
expression O
analysis O
The O
following O
tissues O
were O
used O
for O
RNA O
isolation O
with O
a O
Qia O
- O
gen O
RNA O
isolation O
kit O
( O
Qiagen O
) O
. O

In O
vitro O
hairy B-Location
root I-Location
cultures O
and O
subcellular O
localization O
of O
proteins O
In O
order O
to O
determine O
the O
best O
culture O
conditions O
for O
excised O
transgenic O
hairy B-Location
roots I-Location
, O
we O
compared O
their O
growth B-Process
curves O
in O
three O
solid O
media O
up O
to O
2 O
months O
after O
excision O
( O
Figure O
S3 O
) O
. O

The O
above O
plant O
is O
wi5 B-CommonName
, O
and O
below O
is O
wild O
type O
. O

Blue O
arrow O
- O
heads O
indicate O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
localized O
YFP O
- O
ROP11 B-CommonName
. O

The O
real O
- O
time O
qPCR O
and O
the O
generated O
real O
- O
time O
data O
analysis O
were O
performed O
following O
the O
study O
of O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

Garlic B-Species
cloves O
were O
grown O
in O
a O
mixture O
of O
organic O
soil O
and O
vermiculite O
in O
a O
greenhouse O
in O
Huaiyin O
Institute O
of O
Technology O
( O
33 O
deg O
32 O
' O
N O
, O
119 O
deg O
01 O
' O
E O
) O
. O

Mock O
is O
the O
negative O
control O
in O
absence O
of O
BS1 B-CommonName
. O

For O
heterologous O
expression O
of O
CC1 B-CommonName
delta O
C223 O
lacking O
the O
hexa O
histidine O
- O
tag O
CC1 B-CommonName
delta O
C223 O
was O
amplified O
with O
primers O
harboring O
the O
BamHI O
restriction O
site O
and O
cloned O
into O
the O
pETM11 O
- O
SUMO3GFP O
vector O
( O
EMBL O
, O
Germany O
) O
. O

Complete O
proteomicbased O
enzyme O
reaction O
and O
inhibition O
kinetics O
reveal O
how O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
enzyme O
families O
affect O
metabolic O
flux O
and O
lignin B-Compound
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

4b O
, O
d O
, O
arrow O
) O
and O
in O
the O
cell O
layer O
just O
beneath O
the O
abaxial O
epidermis B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Table O
S8 O
outlines O
the O
Pfam O
annotations O
in O
the O
high O
- O
ranking O
co O
- O
expression O
sets O
showing O
an O
average O
MR O
of O
less O
than O
70 O
. O

And O
the O
yellow O
dashed O
line O
in O
the O
right O
panel O
indicates O
a O
linear O
kymograph O
trace O
. O

Some O
loss O
- O
of O
- O
function O
mutants O
of O
annexin B-CommonName
have O
impaired O
ability O
to O
regulate O
cytoplasmic O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
. O

GhTCP10 B-CommonName
was O
down O
- O
regulated O
likely O
due O
to O
its O
high O
sequence O
similarity O
to O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
. O

Generation O
of O
transgenic O
tobacco B-Species
and O
poplar B-Species
The O
constructed O
binary O
vectors O
were O
mobilized O
into O
Agrobacterium O
tumefaciens O
strain O
LBA4404 O
for O
tobacco B-Species
transformations O
and O
C58pMP90 O
for O
poplar B-Species
transformation O
by O
electroporation O
. O

Recently O
, O
molecular O
mechanisms O
of O
Si O
uptake O
have O
been O
revealed O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Plasma O
membrane O
ghosts O
of O
cultured O
non O
- O
xylem O
cells O
harboring O
LexA O
: O
IQD13 B-CommonName
after O
treatment O
with O
( O
+ O
Est O
) O
or O
without O
( O
- O
Est O
) O
2 O
u O
M O
estradiol O
. O

Cortical O
microtubules O
mark O
the O
mucilage O
secretion B-Process
domain O
of O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
seed B-Location
coat I-Location
cells I-Location
. O

The O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
cDNA O
was O
cloned O
in O
frame O
after O
the O
transcription O
activation O
domain O
of O
the O
yeast O
TF O
GAL4 O
into O
pGADT7 O
. O

To O
understand O
how O
changes O
in O
gene O
expression O
regulate O
stress O
resistance O
, O
we O
first O
examined O
the O
number O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
( O
DEGs O
) O
in O
WT O
and O
zmnst3 B-CommonName
under O
normal O
/ O
drought O
stress O
, O
respectively O
. O

Its O
expression O
was O
higher O
in O
the O
mature B-Location
leaves I-Location
as O
compared O
with O
the O
young O
ones O
( O
Fig O
. O

Genome O
- O
wide O
comparative O
analysis O
of O
type O
- O
A O
Arabidopsis B-Species
response O
regulator O
genes O
by O
overexpression O
studies O
reveals O
their O
diverse O
roles O
and O
regulatory O
mechanisms O
in O
cytokinin B-Compound
signaling O
. O

Microscopic O
contributions O
to O
the O
pressure O
- O
volume O
diagram O
of O
the O
cell O
- O
water O
relations O
as O
demonstrated O
with O
tissue O
cells O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Time O
- O
dependent O
expression O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
in O
rice B-Species
bean I-Species
root B-Location
apices I-Location
( O
0 O
- O
1 O
cm O
) O
in O
response O
to O
25 O
mu O
M O
Al O
for O
different O
times O
. O

Hormones O
are O
key O
regulators O
of O
plant O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

( O
2016 O
) O
with O
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cations I-Process
( O
Table O
2 O
) O
. O

As O
we O
observed O
in O
B B-Species
. I-Species

Fourier O
transform O
infrared O
microspectroscopic O
( O
FTIR O
) O
spectra O
obtained O
from O
the O
tip O
region O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
. O

sativum I-Species
transcriptome O
unigenes O
, O
GO O
classification O
was O
achieved O
using O
Blast2GO O
. O

org O
/ O
) O
and O
a O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
created O
using O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
Asparagus B-Species
GT43 B-CommonName
protein O
se O
- O
quences O
( O
S1 O
Fig O
) O
. O

We O
attribute O
the O
different O
phenotypes O
seen O
in O
FBP7 B-CommonName
: O
: O
iaaM B-CommonName
and O
E6 O
: O
: O
iaaM B-CommonName
plants O
to O
the O
need O
to O
precisely O
tune O
the O
spatial O
and O
temporal O
regulation O
of O
endogenous O
hormone O
levels O
with O
the O
processes O
of O
fiber B-Location
initiation B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

The O
stem B-Location
cross O
- O
sections O
were O
counter O
- O
stained O
with O
ruthenium O
red O
. O

Data O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
of O
triplicate O
experiments O
. O

These O
genes O
were O
highly O
expressed O
in O
the O
mature O
tissues O
, O
for O
example O
, O
stem B-Location
collected O
soon O
after O
anthesis O
, O
and O
at O
very O
low O
levels O
in O
the O
PCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Fig O
9 O
) O
. O

5 O
Localization O
of O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
compartment O
after O
transient O
expression O
in O
Nicotiana B-Species
benthamiana I-Species
leaf B-Location
. O

The O
GTPase B-CommonName
activity O
of O
this O
annexin B-CommonName
was O
much O
greater O
than O
its O
ATPase B-CommonName
activity O
. O

However O
, O
as O
the O
delivery O
of O
tdTomato O
- O
CESA6 B-CommonName
stops O
once O
YFP O
- O
CESA7 B-CommonName
is O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
( O
Fig O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
SDX B-Location
of O
transgenics O
, O
and O
the O
relative O
expression O
of O
each O
MYB B-CommonName
TF O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

For O
relative O
gene O
expression O
studies O
using O
RT O
- O
qPCR O
, O
the O
selection O
of O
suitable O
reference O
genes O
is O
a O
factor O
of O
paramount O
importance O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
protoplasts O
expressing O
YFP O
alone O
had O
fl O
uorescent O
signals O
throughout O
the O
cytoplasm O
( O
Fig O
. O

1 O
, O
B O
and O
C O
, O
and O
fig O
. O

They O
were O
set O
to O
keep O
the O
ampli O
fi O
cation O
of O
AtERF38 B-CommonName
and O
EF1 O
a O
cDNAs O
in O
the O
linear O
phase O
. O

6 O
Immunolocalization O
of O
the O
AX1 O
heteroxylan B-Compound
epitope O
in O
cross O
- O
sections O
of O
developing O
and O
mature O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
of O
FM966 O
( O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
MADS B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
box I-CommonName
family O
of O
transcription O
factors O
. O

To O
our O
knowledge O
, O
there O
is O
no O
report O
on O
involvement O
of O
plant O
APs B-CommonName
in O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
or O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

( O
F O
) O
Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
hypocotyl B-Location
elongation B-Process
of O
seedlings O
in O
( O
E O
) O
. O

We O
also O
noticed O
that O
xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
types O
were O
frequently O
assigned O
to O
cells O
outside O
of O
the O
xylem B-Location
area O
' O
s O
average O
radius O
. O

Table O
2 O
Summary O
table O
for O
4CL B-CommonName
, O
containing O
current O
knowledge O
on O
involvement O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
preferred O
substrate O
, O
location O
of O
proteins O
in O
the O
cell O
predicted O
by O
Wolf O
PSORT O
, O
and O
conservation O
of O
essential O
residues O
in O
each O
structural O
clade O
( O
Arabic O
numerals O
) O
. O

The O
cell O
biology O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

The O
diameter O
of O
round O
pro O
fi O
les O
on O
TGN O
was O
also O
quanti O
fi O
ed O
to O
estimate O
the O
size O
of O
budding O
or O
secretory O
vesicles O
. O

The O
resulting O
FASTAQ O
files O
from O
Illumina O
GAIIx O
were O
mapped O
to O
the O
genome O
of O
P O
. O

The O
distribu O
- O
tion O
of O
miRNA O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

In O
later O
study O
, O
we O
will O
further O
quantify O
the O
COMT B-CommonName
genes O
using O
RNA O
- O
seq O
or O
absolute O
quantification O
. O

Bar O
graphs O
represent O
means O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
- O
9 O
) O
. O

We O
identified O
a O
total O
of O
48 O
to O
52 O
R2R3 B-CommonName
MYB I-CommonName
subgroups O
, O
most O
of O
which O
are O
common O
among O
all O
five O
species O
and O
similar O
to O
those O
previously O
described O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
, O
USA O
111 O
: O
11551 O
- O
11556 O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
the O
specificity O
of O
the O
anti O
- O
FLAG O
antibody O
was O
validated O
by O
western O
blot O
( O
Fig O
. O

Studies O
of O
transgenic O
lines O
with O
altered O
levels O
of O
cFBPase B-CommonName
activity O
have O
shown O
that O
the O
amount O
of O
sucrose B-Compound
is O
directly O
correlated O
with O
the O
activity O
of O
cFBPase B-CommonName
( O
Zrenner O
et O
al O
. O

( O
DOC O
) O
Figure O
S8 O
Construction O
of O
the O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
overex O
- O
pressing O
truncated O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
without O
a O
NES O
( O
the O
AtNMD3DNES B-CommonName
OE O
line O
) O
. O

Towards O
a O
systems O
ap O
- O
proach O
for O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
: O
transcript O
abundance O
and O
specificity O
of O
the O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
. O

WI5 B-CommonName
included O
in O
a O
downstream O
modification B-Process
pathway O
, O
is O
necessary O
to O
process O
precursor O
into O
the O
correct O
structure O
before O
it O
can O
be O
secreted O
out O
of O
the O
cell O
to O
participate O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

A O
novel O
isoform O
of O
CuZn B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
SOD I-CommonName
in O
Scot B-Species
pine I-Species
localized O
in O
sieve B-Location
elements I-Location
, O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
the O
xylem B-Location
was O
found O
to O
be O
the O
regulator O
of O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
pro O
- O
duction O
( O
Karpinska O
et O
al O
. O

To O
knock O
down O
IQD13 B-CommonName
expression O
by O
RNAi O
, O
we O
introduced O
LexA O
: O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
into O
plants O
; O
LexA O
: O
GUS O
- O
RNAi O
was O
used O
as O
a O
control O
. O

https O
: O
/ O
/ O
doi O
. O
org O
/ O
doi O
: O
10 O
. O
1111 O
/ O
nph O
. O
12907 O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
, O
TT10 B-CommonName
/ O
AtLAC15 B-CommonName
is O
expressed O
at O
the O
greatest O
level O
in O
the O
second O
outermost O
cell O
layer O
in O
these O
developing B-Location
seeds I-Location
. O

Occurrence O
of O
the O
overwintering O
cells O
in O
cambial O
zone O
in O
several O
ring O
- O
porous O
trees O
. O

Structural O
details O
of O
pectic O
galactan B-Compound
from O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
flax B-Species
( O
Linum B-Species
usitatissimum I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
) O
phloem B-Location
fibres I-Location
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
U O
S O
A O
104 O
: O
20996 O
- O
21001 O
. O

Genetic O
and O
molecular O
basis O
of O
grass O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
degradability O
. O

Error O
bars O
represent O
SD O
of O
the O
mean O
for O
three O
biological O
replicates O
. O

3 O
, O
D O
and O
E O
; O
Supplemental O
Fig O
. O

Student O
' O
s O
t O
test O
, O
values O
are O
means O
, O
error O
bars O
are O
SD O
, O
n O
= O
10 O
seedlings O
per O
biological O
rep O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
The O
evolution O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
in O
the O
green O
lineage O
. O

RESULTS O
The O
Microstructure O
of O
Five O
Cultivar O
Stems O
To O
fi O
nd O
the O
di O
ff O
erences O
of O
main O
cultivars O
, O
two O
P B-Species
. I-Species

( O
a O
) O
DUF288 B-CommonName
pfam O
( O
highlighted O
node O
) O
is O
transcriptionally O
coordinated O
( O
edges O
) O
with O
several O
known O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
related O
pfams O
. O

trichocarpa I-Species
by O
quantitative O
real O
- O
time O
PCR O
( O
qPCR O
) O
, O
which O
showed O
that O
both O
genes O
were O
expressed O
preferentially O
in O
leaves B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
, O
but O
that O
PtrMYB6 B-CommonName
transcripts O
were O
more O
abundant O
in O
all O
tissues O
Figure O
1 O
. O

Wood B-Compound
transcription O
factors O
connect O
PPIs O
with O
activation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
genes O
A O
transcription O
factor O
( O
TF O
) O
mini O
- O
library O
comprised O
of O
38 O
PW O
TFs O
was O
used O
in O
a O
Y1H O
experiment O
to O
identify O
TFs O
that O
regulate O
SCW B-Compound
gene O
expression O
( O
see O
Figure O
S3 O
available O
as O
Supplementary O
Data O
at O
Tree O
Physiology O
Online O
; O
Figure O
2 O
) O
. O

The O
N O
Terminus O
of O
the O
CC1 B-CommonName
Interacts O
with O
Microtubules O
Consistent O
with O
the O
topological O
prediction O
, O
the O
CC1DC223 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
showed O
mainly O
cytosolic O
localization O
. O

Lessons O
from O
brown B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
midrib I-CommonName
mutants O
. O

S4 O
The O
gymnosperm O
GinFT O
gene O
antagonizes O
florigen B-Compound
, O
suppresses O
SCWB B-Process
and O
prolongs O
vascular B-Location
maturation B-Process
A O
) O
Amino O
acids O
sequence O
alignment O
of O
the O
GinFT O
, O
SFT B-CommonName
and O
SP B-CommonName
polypeptides O
. O

As O
conifers B-Species
are O
highly O
outcrossing O
a O
rapid O
LD O
decay O
is O
expected O
, O
however O
in O
spruces B-Species
the O
LD O
displays O
diverse O
patterns O
among O
different O
genes O
or O
the O
same O
genes O
in O
different O
species O
. O

2a O
, O
b O
, O
Supplementary O
Note O
describes O
the O
number O
of O
samples O
used O
for O
each O
quanti O
fi O
cation O
) O
. O

Strong O
lignin B-Compound
staining O
was O
observed O
in O
approximately O
20 O
- O
30 O
% O
of O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
cells O
, O
but O
never O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
cells O
. O

The O
sequence O
of O
943 O
bp O
long O
contains O
111 O
and O
250 O
bp O
of O
5 O
' O
- O
and O
3 O
' O
- O
UTRs O
, O
respectively O
. O

Based O
on O
the O
study O
by O
Pourcel O
et O
al O
. O

AS O
has O
been O
found O
to O
play O
important O
roles O
in O
the O
process O
of O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

Moreover O
, O
16 O
. O
6 O
% O
( O
1003 O
events O
in O
Populus B-Species
) O
and O
18 O
. O
2 O
% O
( O
545 O
events O
in O
Eucalyptus B-Species
) O
of O
AS O
events O
could O
result O
in O
domain O
gain O
or O
loss O
. O

We O
examined O
young O
trichomes B-Location
at O
the O
shoot B-Location
apex I-Location
to O
test O
whether O
activity O
of O
any O
of O
the O
promoters O
was O
con O
fi O
ned O
to O
the O
wall B-Compound
thickening B-Process
stage O
. O

RT O
- O
PCR O
con O
fi O
rmation O
of O
transcription O
pro O
fi O
le O
An O
RT O
- O
PCR O
was O
performed O
to O
con O
fi O
rm O
results O
obtained O
with O
GeneChips O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
a O
Miscanthus B-Species
laccase B-CommonName
isoform O
closely O
re O
- O
lated O
to O
AtLAC17 B-CommonName
was O
cloned O
and O
named O
MsLAC1 B-CommonName
. O

www O
. O
nature O
. O
com O
/ O
scientificreports O
/ O
4 O
Scientific O
RepoRts O
| O
5 O
: O
12240 O
| O
DOi O
: O
10 O
. O
1038 O
/ O
srep12240 O
highly O
expressed O
than O
PdMYB156 B-CommonName
in O
the O
woody O
tissues O
. O

There O
is O
increasing O
evidence O
that O
the O
reaction O
- O
diffusion O
system O
is O
involved O
in O
various O
tissue O
and O
organ O
devel O
- O
opment O
3 O
- O
7 O
. O

Suppression O
of O
PtrCesA7A B-CommonName
, O
homologous O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CesA B-CommonName
, O
sig O
- O
nificantly O
resulted O
in O
lower O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
and O
disrupted O
multilaminar O
structure O
of O
the O
fiber B-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
evolution O
changes O
in O
tilted O
Fraxinus B-Species
mandshurica I-Species
Rupr I-Species
. O

We O
next O
observed O
the O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
nodes B-Location
by O
electron O
microscopy O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
the O
smallest O
DEG O
set O
was O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
comparison O
" O
Pd1 O
vs O
Pd2 O
" O
( O
a O
total O
of O
339 O
DEGs O
, O
including O
81 O
upregulated O
and O
258 O
downregulated O
genes O
) O
( O
Figure O
2C O
) O
. O

Cambial O
reactivation O
was O
followed O
by O
Figure O
9 O
. O

Even O
though O
WT O
and O
atprx52 B-CommonName
plants O
showed O
similar O
results O
regarding O
growth B-Process
parameters O
at O
a O
mature O
stage O
, O
differences O
in O
lignin B-Compound
quantity O
and O
composition O
were O
only O
found O
at O
this O
stage O
of O
development B-Process
. O

Puri O
fi O
ed O
MusaVND1 B-CommonName
, O
MusaVND2 B-CommonName
and O
MusaVND3 B-CommonName
proteins O
in O
gel O
shift O
assay O
bind O
to O
19 O
- O
bp O
secondary O
- O
wall O
NAC O
binding O
element O
( O
SNBE O
) O
while O
it O
fails O
to O
bind O
mutated O
SNBE O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
Physiol O
19 O
: O
1151 O
- O
1159 O
Morohashi O
Y O
( O
2002 O
) O
Peroxidase B-CommonName
activity O
develops O
in O
the O
micropylar O
endosperm B-Location
of O
tomato B-Species
seeds B-Location
prior O
to O
radicle O
protrusion O
. O

Acknowledgments O
This O
work O
was O
financially O
supported O
by O
the O
National O
Natural O
Science O
Foundation O
of O
China O
( O
No O
. O

Synergistic O
effect O
of O
microtubule O
inhibitors O
and O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
[ O
N125I O
] O
expression O
on O
lateral B-Location
root I-Location
morphology O
. O

IAA B-Compound
treatment O
drastically O
suppressed O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
expression O
but O
acti O
- O
vated O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
the O
control O
seedlings O
( O
Figs O
6a O
, O
S10a O
) O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
: O
Lignin B-Compound
: O
Its O
constitution O
and O
formation B-Process
from O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
hydroxycinnamyl I-Compound
alcohols I-Compound
: O
Lignin B-Compound
is O
duplicated O
by O
dehydrogenation B-Process
of O
these O
alcohols O
; O
intermediates O
explain O
formation B-Process
and O
structure O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
, O
USA O
111 O
: O
845 O
- O
850 O
. O

Wood B-Compound
density O
is O
used O
for O
describing O
biomass O
accumulation B-Process
in O
per O
unit O
volume O
of O
wood B-Compound
. O

However O
, O
BSA O
is O
certainly O
not O
adequate O
to O
identify O
all O
the O
major O
genetic O
factors O
controlling O
the O
trait O
. O

In O
total O
, O
1273 O
trans O
- O
eQTLs O
were O
found O
to O
affect O
genes O
co O
- O
expressed O
with O
xylan B-Compound
modification B-Process
. O

P O
, O
The O
stage O
of O
SCW B-Compound
de B-Process
- I-Process
velopment I-Process
varies O
among O
populations O
of O
transdifferentiating O
cells O
. O

The O
sgRNAs O
were O
cloned O
downstream O
of O
the O
At O
U6 O
promoter O
; O
sgRNA O
sequences O
are O
shown O
in O
Fig O
. O

The O
pellets O
were O
dried O
at O
45 O
deg O
C O
and O
considered O
as O
the O
alcohol O
insoluble O
residue O
( O
AIR O
) O
. O

High O
- O
resolution O
structural O
analysis O
of O
Rhodobacter B-Species
sphaeroidesin I-Species
CESA B-CommonName
( O
RsBcsA B-CommonName
) O
revealed O
the O
detailed O
1 O
Address O
correspondence O
to O
zhang150 O
@ O
purdue O
. O
edu O
. O

PPE O
: O
phloem B-Location
side O
pectin B-Compound
fraction O
; O
PXG O
: O
phloem B-Location
side O
xyloglucan B-Compound
fraction O
; O
XPE O
: O
xylem B-Location
side O
pectin B-Compound
fraction O
; O
XXG O
: O
xylem B-Location
side O
xyloglucan B-Compound
fraction O
; O
Each O
transgenic O
line O
was O
multiplied O
through O
cutting O
propagation O
for O
analysis O
of O
biological O
repeats O
. O

perenne I-Species
genome O
to O
retrieve O
the O
corresponding O
genomic O
scaffolds O
harbouring O
these O
genes O
. O

We O
con O
- O
cluded O
that O
a O
seasonal O
decreasing O
trend O
in O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
the O
MFs O
in O
the O
Z O
- O
helix O
in O
S O
1 O
and O
S O
2 O
was O
present O
, O
whereas O
the O
MFs O
in O
other O
layers O
exhibited O
minor O
random O
variations O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
laccase B-CommonName
genes O
are O
expressed O
at O
a O
markedly O
lower O
level O
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
- O
forming O
cultured O
cells O
than O
in O
developing O
xylem B-Location
, O
whereas O
some O
peroxidase B-CommonName
genes O
have O
a O
moderate O
expression O
level O
during O
extracellular O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Koutaniemi O
et O
al O
. O

Functional O
annotation O
of O
proteins O
with O
increased O
abundance O
in O
MW O
- O
or O
JW O
- O
forming O
tissues O
The O
functional O
annotation O
and O
fold O
changes O
of O
differentially O
expressed O
proteins O
are O
presented O
in O
Table O
1 O
and O
their O
location O
on O
2D O
gels O
is O
available O
in O
the O
PROTIC O
database O
( O
see O
also O
Figure O
2 O
) O
. O

Structural O
analysis O
of O
photodegraded O
wood B-Compound
by O
means O
of O
FTIR O
spectroscopy O
. O

They O
shared O
no O
lineage O
relationships O
. O

( O
2019 O
) O
An O
ultra O
- O
dense O
haploid O
genetic O
map O
for O
evaluating O
the O
highly O
fragmented O
genome O
assembly O
of O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
( O
Picea B-Species
abies I-Species
) O
. O

Bioinformatics O
17 O
: O
520 O
- O
525 O
Turner O
SR O
( O
2007 O
) O
Cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
: O
monitoring O
integrity O
with O
the O
kinase B-Compound
. O

LMB O
changed O
the O
nuclear O
/ O
cytoplasmic O
distribution O
of O
AtNMD3 B-CommonName
( O
F O
) O
, O
restricting O
it O
to O
the O
nucleus O
( O
G O
) O
. O

CSCs O
moved O
in O
a O
bidirectional O
fashion O
along O
plasma O
membrane O
domains O
underlying O
sec B-Compound
- I-Compound
ondary I-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickenings B-Process
. O

d O
rsw12 B-CommonName
plants O
expressing O
helicase B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
. O

The O
class O
II O
KNOX B-CommonName
gene O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
negatively O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
is O
functionally O
conserved O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

Refer O
to O
Video O
S3 O
for O
more O
examples O
. O

165 O
, O
2019 O
675 O
SCW B-Compound
maturation B-Process
gradient O
across O
wood B-Compound
as O
compared O
with O
intact O
controls O
. O

The O
dry O
leaves B-Location
were O
fi O
nely O
homogenised O
and O
considered O
as O
the O
alcohol O
insoluble O
residue O
( O
AIR O
) O
. O

( O
2019 O
) O
Osmotic O
adjustment O
and O
energy O
limitations O
to O
plant O
growth B-Process
in O
saline O
soil O
. O

about O
how O
they O
are O
organized O
in O
the O
Golgi O
and O
how O
they O
work O
together O
to O
synthesize O
the O
xylan O
that O
is O
ulti O
- O
mately O
deposited O
in O
the O
SCW B-Compound
. O

The O
full O
length O
CDS O
sequence O
of O
OsMYB103L B-CommonName
was O
amplified O
and O
inserted O
into O
the O
pSY735 O
vector O
, O
the O
full O
length O
of O
SLR1 B-CommonName
CDS O
sequence O
was O
amplified O
and O
cloned O
into O
the O
pSY736 O
vector O
. O

Journal O
of O
the O
Royal O
Statistical O
Society O
Series O
B O
- O
Statistical O
Methodology O
57 O
: O
289 O
- O
300 O
. O

246 O
247 O
MYB20 B-CommonName
, O
MYB42 B-CommonName
, O
MYB43 B-CommonName
, O
and O
MYB85 B-CommonName
Optimize O
Phenylalanine B-Compound
Distribution O
in O
248 O
the O
Phenylpropanoid B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
Pathway O
249 O
Our O
RNA O
sequencing O
data O
indicated O
that O
the O
previously O
identified O
250 O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
pathway O
transcription O
factor O
MYB7 B-CommonName
was O
downregulated O
in O
251 O
myb20 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
42 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
43 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
85 I-CommonName
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Supplemental O
Datasets O
S2 O
) O
. O

RStudio O
: O
integrated O
development O
for O
R O
. O

OsNST1 B-CommonName
is O
resident O
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
. O

( O
2018 O
) O
Root B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
solutions O
for O
crop O
plants O
in O
saline O
soils O
. O

Numbers O
are O
mean O
values O
+ O
- O
SE O
of O
three O
independent O
repetitions O
. O

Considering O
the O
conservation O
of O
the O
ribosome O
in O
function O
and O
structure O
among O
eukaryotic O
cells O
, O
the O
nuclear O
export O
mechanism O
is O
reasonably O
expected O
to O
be O
conserved O
. O

Tissue O
samples O
were O
collected O
between O
April O
and O
August O
2011 O
from O
trees O
grown O
under O
fi O
eld O
environmental O
conditions O
and O
exposed O
to O
nat O
- O
ural O
variations O
of O
temperature O
and O
solar O
radiation O
( O
as O
reported O
in O
Giorno O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Non O
- O
cell O
- O
autonomous O
postmortem O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
in O
Zinnia B-Species
elegans I-Species
. O

Lines O
4 O
and O
5 O
, O
which O
had O
the O
lowest O
PtrKOR1 B-CommonName
transcript O
levels O
( O
only O
5 O
% O
remained O
, O
Figure O
3b O
) O
, O
were O
selected O
for O
additional O
analysis O
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Carbon O
partitioning O
to O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

The O
xylan O
biosynthetic O
complex O
may O
then O
dissociate O
as O
cisternae O
mature O
, O
allowing O
individual O
proteins O
to O
move O
transiently O
to O
the O
margins O
where O
they O
become O
avail O
- O
able O
for O
retrograde O
traf O
fi O
cking O
to O
earlier O
cisterna O
where O
the O
complex O
reforms O
and O
the O
next O
round O
of O
xylan O
bi B-Process
- I-Process
osynthesis I-Process
begins O
. O

2006 O
) O
AtCAD9 B-CommonName
kinetic O
, O
KO O
AtCAD9 B-CommonName
( O
Kim O
et O
al O
. O

The O
striking O
localization O
of O
many O
endodermis B-Location
- O
enriched O
peroxidases B-CommonName
to O
the O
Casparian B-Location
strip I-Location
strongly O
suggests O
that O
localized O
peroxidases B-CommonName
contribute O
to O
the O
spatially O
con O
fi O
ned O
formation B-Process
in O
the O
endodermis B-Location
, O
together O
with O
the O
localized O
RBOHF B-CommonName
- O
dependent O
H O
2 O
0 O
2 O
production O
. O

Collectively O
, O
our O
data O
allow O
us O
to O
propose O
a O
model O
for O
IAA9 B-CommonName
- O
ARF5 B-CommonName
- O
mediated O
coordination O
for O
wood B-Compound
differentiation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

Negative O
values O
indicated O
that O
higher O
expression O
was O
derived O
from O
the O
Eucalyptus B-Species
urophylla I-Species
allele O
at O
the O
locus O
. O

Anal O
Biochem O
32 O
: O
420 O
- O
424 O
Williamson O
RE O
, O
Burn O
JE O
, O
Hocart O
CH O
( O
2002 O
) O
Towards O
the O
mechanism O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

On O
the O
number O
of O
segregating O
sites O
in O
genetical O
models O
without O
recombination O
. O

One O
miRNA O
has O
many O
target O
genes O
or O
several O
miRNAs O
share O
same O
target O
gene O
, O
indicating O
one O
miRNA O
may O
have O
multifarious O
functions O
and O
different O
miRNAs O
may O
execute O
the O
same O
biological O
function O
. O

On O
the O
other O
hand O
, O
the O
outermost O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
layer O
of O
cwa1 B-CommonName
cortical B-Location
Wbers I-Location
appeared O
to O
form O
normally O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
SUBAcon O
: O
a O
consensus O
algorithm O
for O
unifying O
the O
subcellular O
localization O
data O
of O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
proteome O
. O

We O
examined O
the O
endogenous O
expression O
of O
these O
genes O
across O
26 O
tissues O
based O
on O
results O
from O
4422 O
arrays O
, O
and O
subjected O
the O
genes O
to O
hierarchical O
clustering O
according O
to O
their O
absolute O
expression O
profiles O
. O

( O
i O
) O
Transcription O
activation O
assays O
show O
that O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
- O
driven O
suppression O
of O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
expression O
is O
attenuated O
when O
co O
- O
expressing O
PaC3H17DR B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
leaf B-Location
protoplasts O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Tubular B-Location
fl I-Location
orets I-Location
and O
ray B-Location
fl I-Location
orets I-Location
. O

The O
supernatants O
were O
subsequently O
501 O
filtered O
using O
a O
0 O
. O
22 O
mu O
m O
nylon O
membrane O
and O
250 O
mu O
L O
of O
the O
extraction O
supernatant O
502 O
was O
transferred O
into O
autosamper O
vials O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
, O
239 O
miRNAs O
were O
identified O
and O
they O
belonged O
to O
205 O
miRNA O
families O
. O

B O
, O
OE O
line O
anthers B-Location
failed O
to O
dehisce B-Process
, O
and O
no O
pollen B-Location
grains I-Location
were O
released O
. O

Quantification O
of O
metaxylem B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
seedling O
roots B-Location
of O
both O
rlp44 B-CommonName
cnu2 B-CommonName
and O
the O
T O
- O
DNA O
insertion O
line O
rlp44 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
6 O
d O
after O
germination O
showed O
a O
significant O
increase O
( O
Fig O
. O

These O
results O
strongly O
hated O
that O
the O
PbPAL1 B-CommonName
and O
PbPAL2 B-CommonName
may O
regulate O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
pear B-Species
fruit B-Location
. O

Therefore O
, O
our O
data O
suggested O
that O
the O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
- O
PtoARF5 B-CommonName
module O
directly O
targets O
PtoHB7 B-CommonName
and O
PtoHB8 B-CommonName
for O
regulating O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
differentiation B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
newly O
formed O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
in O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
contain O
a O
gelatinous O
layer O
highly O
enriched O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
which O
is O
thought O
to O
be O
responsible O
for O
generating O
the O
tensile O
force O
used O
to O
pull O
the O
stem B-Location
upright O
( O
Mellerowicz O
and O
Gorshkova O
2012 O
) O
. O

alba O
) O
resulted O
in O
reduction O
of O
wall B-Compound
thickness O
of O
xylary B-Location
fibers I-Location
[ O
51 O
] O
, O
whereas O
ectopic O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
phenotype O
was O
observed O
in O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
plants O
over O
- O
expressing O
all O
PtrWND B-CommonName
/ O
PtVNS B-CommonName
genes O
driven O
by O
cauliflower O
mosaic O
virus O
35S O
promoter O
[ O
24 O
] O
. O

Chen O
Y O
, O
Wu O
H O
( O
2010 O
) O
Programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
involved O
in O
the O
schizolysigenous O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
secretary O
cavity O
in O
Citrus B-Species
sinensis I-Species
L I-Species
. I-Species
( O
Osbeck O
) O
. O

Scale O
bar O
= O
200 O
mu O
m O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Yellow O
dotted O
circles O
indicate O
plasma O
membrane O
domains O
with O
tagRFP O
- O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
. O

( O
b O
) O
Biomass O
increases O
of O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plants O
( O
DX15 B-CommonName
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
- O
2A O
- O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
) O
compared O
to O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
poplar B-Species
plants O
. O

It O
was O
suggested O
that O
At B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RBOHD I-CommonName
would O
be O
necessary O
to O
prevent O
the O
spread O
of O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
from O
the O
HR O
site O
to O
the O
surrounding O
cells O
. O

The O
means O
of O
relative O
expression O
for O
each O
sample O
were O
examined O
using O
one O
- O
way O
analysis O
of O
vari O
- O
ance O
( O
ANOVA O
) O
method O
( O
significance O
at O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
. O

Laccase B-CommonName
is O
necessary O
and O
nonredundant O
with O
peroxidase B-CommonName
for O
lignin B-Compound
polymerization B-Process
during O
vascular B-Location
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
2018 O
) O
Age O
and O
weather O
effects O
on O
between O
and O
within O
ring O
variations O
of O
number O
, O
width O
and O
coarseness O
of O
tracheids B-Location
and O
radial B-Process
growth I-Process
of O
young O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
. O

bungei I-Species
was O
performed O
in O
this O
study O
. O

Plant O
Cell O
10 O
. O
1105 O
/ O
tpc O
. O
18 O
. O
00620 O
1 O
Supplemental O
Figure O
2 O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
we O
also O
found O
three O
genes O
encoding O
acid O
phosphatases O
strongly O
up O
- O
regulated O
in O
high O
N O
plants O
. O

The O
PCR O
product O
was O
cloned O
into O
BamH1 O
sites O
of O
the O
vector O
TOP O
TA O
, O
cloned O
in O
E O
. O

Error O
bar O
indicates O
SD O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
orientation B-Process
of O
MFs O
on O
the O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
surfaces O
displayed O
some O
variation O
among O
earlywood B-Compound
and O
late O
- O
wood B-Compound
; O
however O
, O
the O
data O
were O
limited O
on O
the O
DOYs O
175 O
and O
228 O
, O
and O
no O
statistically O
significant O
differences O
between O
the O
dates O
were O
observed O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Semiquantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
MYB55 B-CommonName
, O
MYB74 B-CommonName
, O
and O
MYB160 B-CommonName
expression O
in O
tobacco B-Species
. O

p O
values O
were O
determined O
using O
ANOVA O
with O
an O
LSD O
post O
- O
hoc O
test O
( O
n O
= O
3 O
) O
. O

The O
relative O
crystalline O
index O
was O
calculated O
as O
described O
( O
Segal O
et O
al O
. O

Black O
arrows O
show O
expanding O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
; O
white O
arrows O
show O
dead O
cells O
with O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
; O
Ph O
, O
phloem B-Location
; O
Ca O
, O
cambium B-Location
; O
Xy O
, O
xylem B-Location
. O

Currently O
, O
there O
is O
no O
evidence O
that O
297 O
MYB58 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
63 I-CommonName
and O
MYB4 B-CommonName
dynamically O
regulate O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Next O
, O
compositions O
of O
the O
cambium B-Location
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
next O
to O
the O
phloem B-Location
and O
xylem B-Location
layers O
were O
analyzed O
. O

The O
phylogenetic O
tree O
was O
built O
by O
aligning O
the O
amino O
acid O
regions O
of O
CESAs B-CommonName
from O
M B-Species
. I-Species

X O
6 O
and O
X3 O
, O
xylo O
- O
hexaoligosaccharide O
and O
xylo O
- O
trioligosaccharide O
standards O
. O

Cotton B-Species
GhMYB7 B-CommonName
is O
predominantly O
expressed O
in O
developing O
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
and O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
cell O
biology O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
. O

2012 O
) O
, O
while O
knocking O
- O
out O
irx15 B-CommonName
( O
At3g50220 O
) O
and O
irx15 B-CommonName
l O
( O
At5g67210 O
) O
leads O
to O
an O
increase O
in O
GX B-Compound
methylation B-Process
Abstract O
DUF579 B-CommonName
( O
domain B-CommonName
of I-CommonName
unknown I-CommonName
function I-CommonName
579 I-CommonName
) O
family O
proteins O
contain O
a O
DUF579 B-CommonName
domain O
structure O
but O
vary O
greatly O
in O
their O
overall O
sequence O
similarity O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
majority O
of O
genes O
were O
preferentially O
expressed O
in O
the O
flower B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

* O
We O
considered O
as O
" O
vascular O
expression O
" O
the O
detection O
of O
transcripts O
in O
tracheary B-Location
elements I-Location
( O
TEs B-Location
) O
or O
in O
any O
cell O
neighboring O
TEs B-Location
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

Further O
analysis O
of O
stem B-Location
lift O
shows O
that O
the O
change O
( O
D O
) O
in O
normalized O
stem B-Location
lift O
per O
day O
is O
not O
continuous O
through O
time O
, O
and O
the O
rate O
of O
bending O
positively O
increases O
between O
2 O
and O
7 O
d O
and O
followed O
by O
a O
steady O
or O
slight O
decreased O
rate O
of O
bending O
by O
the O
end O
of O
the O
14 O
- O
d O
treatment O
( O
Figure O
1B O
) O
. O

2010 O
) O
, O
phenylalanine B-CommonName
ammonia I-CommonName
lyase I-CommonName
( O
PAL B-CommonName
) O
catalyzes O
the O
fi O
rst O
step O
of O
the O
lignin B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
pathway O
( O
Korth O
et O
al O
. O

Water O
loss O
was O
calculated O
as O
: O
FW O
% O
= O
( O
Ws O
- O
Wt O
) O
/ O
Ws O
( O
Ws O
= O
fresh O
weight O
of O
leaf B-Location
at O
time O
= O
0 O
; O
Wt O
= O
weight O
of O
detached O
leaf B-Location
at O
time O
t O
) O
. O

( O
F O
) O
Expression O
pat O
- O
tern O
of O
315 O
bp O
pPtrSND1 O
- O
1 O
after O
4 O
h O
DMSO O
treatment O
. O

The O
miRNA O
- O
mRNA O
pairs O
identified O
in O
our O
studies O
. O

[ O
35 O
] O
study O
that O
reported O
40 O
. O
75 O
% O
of O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
reads O
from O
Aspergillus B-Species
oryzae I-Species
were O
located O
at O
these O
regions O
. O

Jasmonates B-Compound
have O
previously O
been O
connected O
to O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

In O
: O
Glick O
D O
( O
ed O
) O
Methods O
of O
biochemical O
analysis O
, O
vol O
32 O
. O

The O
theoretical O
isoelectric O
point O
( O
pI O
) O
and O
molecular O
weight O
( O
MW O
) O
of O
the O
COMT B-CommonName
family O
genes O
in O
C B-Species
. I-Species

Data O
are O
based O
on O
three O
technical O
repetitions O
per O
tree O
, O
i O
. O
e O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
of O
the O
United O
States O
of O
America O
, O
111 O
, O
14601 O
- O
14606 O
. O

Xylem B-Location
cell I-Location
type O
was O
determined O
via O
the O
patterning B-Process
of O
ligninified O
secondary O
cell O
all O
thickenings O
from O
z O
stacks O
. O

Measuring O
reproducibility O
of O
high O
- O
171 O
throughput O
experiments O
. O

[ O
13 O
] O
suggested O
that O
the O
NAC B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
of O
VASCULAR B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RELATED I-CommonName
NAC I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
DOMAIN I-CommonName
( O
VND B-CommonName
) O
1 O
- O
7 O
subfamily O
act O
as O
master O
regulators O
of O
meta O
and O
proto B-Location
xylem I-Location
vessel I-Location
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
root B-Location
. O

bethamiana I-Species
system O
to O
further O
investigate O
the O
localization O
of O
various O
truncations O
of O
the O
XVP B-CommonName
protein O
. O

Total O
RNA O
was O
reverse O
transcribed O
using O
the O
First O
Strand O
cDNA O
Synthesis O
Kit O
( O
Roche O
Farma O
, O
S O
. O
A O
. O

2002 O
) O
, O
the O
proteins O
of O
29 O
of O
these O
also O
possessing O
GPI B-CommonName
anchors I-CommonName
. O

The O
positive O
CFP O
signal O
indicates O
an O
interaction O
of O
CFP O
C O
and O
CFP O
N O
due O
to O
the O
heterodimerization O
of O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
C1 I-CommonName
IR I-CommonName
with O
a O
full O
- O
size O
PtrVND6 B-CommonName
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSC O
distribution O
at O
the O
plasma O
membrane O
is O
disorganized O
by O
the O
loss O
of O
microtubules O
after O
oryzalin O
treatment O
while O
CSC O
delivery O
and O
motility O
are O
unaffected O
. O

There O
are O
six O
other O
ESK1 B-CommonName
close O
homologs O
in O
addition O
to O
TBL34 B-CommonName
and O
TBL35 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Journal O
of O
Integrative O
Plant O
Biology O
52 O
: O
17 O
- O
27 O
. O

Plant O
Supplementary O
Information O
4 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
Coumarate I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
- I-CommonName
hydroxylase I-CommonName
in O
the O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
is O
a O
cytosolic O
ascorbate B-CommonName
peroxidase I-CommonName
Barros O
et O
al O
Supplementary O
Figure O
1 O
. O

( O
a O
) O
Expression O
pattern O
of O
the O
1 O
, O
914 O
statistically O
significant O
transcript O
sets O
at O
three O
time O
points O
during O
pioneer O
roots B-Location
xylogenesis B-Process
in O
black B-Species
cottonwood I-Species
and O
the O
overlaps O
among O
them O
are O
shown O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
very O
few O
studies O
have O
investigated O
the O
mechanisms O
responsible O
for O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
in O
the O
nodes B-Location
, O
which O
do O
not O
develop O
in O
dicots O
as O
in O
monocots O
. O

Results O
EgrNAC26 B-CommonName
and O
EgrNAC61 B-CommonName
transcript O
splicing O
, O
transcriptional O
activity O
and O
spatial O
expression O
pat O
- O
terns O
. O

We O
ob O
- O
served O
a O
total O
of O
413 O
interactions O
that O
included O
proteins O
from O
36 O
of O
the O
75 O
protein O
families O
tested O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
7 O
; O
Fig O
. O

To O
generate O
LexA O
: O
IQD13 B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
, O
the O
fi O
rst O
400 O
bp O
of O
the O
IQD13 B-CommonName
coding O
sequence O
and O
an O
intron O
of O
WRKY33 B-CommonName
were O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
and O
fused O
via O
PCR O
. O

In O
this O
attempt O
, O
we O
generated O
Arabidopsis B-Species
lines O
that O
overproduce O
protocatechuate B-Compound
, O
a O
non O
- O
canonical O
acceptor O
and O
competitive O
inhibitor O
of O
HCT B-CommonName
in O
vitro O
. O

The O
Rbohs B-CommonName
from O
multiple O
dicotyledon O
species O
and O
those O
from O
B B-Species
. I-Species

One O
T1 O
line O
was O
selected O
for O
displaying O
a O
high O
HyPer O
expression O
level O
in O
pollen B-Location
and O
~ O
75 O
% O
Basta O
resistance O
in O
its O
progeny O
, O
and O
propagated O
further O
to O
generate O
homozygous O
pACA9 O
- O
HyPer O
expressing O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
plants O
. O

Section O
pretreatment O
, O
hybridization O
and O
immunological O
detection O
were O
performed O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Sang O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

Indeed O
, O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
content O
was O
reduced O
by O
B50 O
% O
in O
the O
young O
hypocotyls B-Location
of O
stl1stl2 B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
indicating O
that O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
was O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
reduced O
( O
Fig O
. O

Conversion O
of O
only O
one O
of O
the O
two O
guard B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
a O
stoma O
into O
an O
ectopic O
TE B-Location
cell I-Location
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
9C O
) O
also O
indicates O
thatthe O
transdifferentiation B-Process
of O
guard B-Location
cells I-Location
to O
ectopic O
TE B-Location
cells I-Location
could O
occur O
after O
stomata B-Location
formation B-Process
. O

Although O
vnd6 B-CommonName
mutant O
plants O
grew O
to O
a O
similar O
height O
as O
WT O
control O
, O
the O
xvp B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
d I-CommonName
vnd6 B-CommonName
double O
mutant O
was O
dwarf O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
pro O
- O
tocols O
were O
automated O
in O
Agilent O
NGS O
workstation O
( O
Agilent O
) O
using O
puri O
fi O
cation O
steps O
as O
described O
by O
Lundin O
et O
al O
. O

PAL B-CommonName
is O
the O
fulcrum O
enzyme O
controlling O
primary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
to O
secondary B-Process
metabolism I-Process
in O
the O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
metabolic O
pathway O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Low O
- O
magnification O
views O
of O
wi5 B-CommonName
epidermis B-Location
and O
vascular B-Location
bundles I-Location
. O

Generation O
of O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
for O
analysis O
of O
tissue O
speci O
fi O
c O
activity O
of O
banana B-Species
VND B-CommonName
promoter O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
residues O
of O
senesced O
inflorescence B-Location
stems I-Location
of O
cse B-CommonName
- O
1 O
have O
normal O
amounts O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
whereas O
those O
of O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
have O
73 O
% O
of O
the O
normal O
amount O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
( O
table O
S2 O
) O
. O

Cellulose B-Compound
is O
the O
principal O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
component O
used O
for O
biofuel O
production O
, O
and O
the O
digestibility O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
by O
cellulase B-CommonName
enzymes O
is O
essential O
for O
sacchari B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
the O
cellulosic O
biomass O
into O
glucose B-Compound
( O
Abramson O
, O
Shoseyov O
& O
Shani O
2010 O
) O
. O

Our O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
data O
revealed O
SCWB B-Process
as O
a O
target O
for O
florigen B-Compound
. O

Further O
degradome O
sequencing O
revealed O
that O
the O
cleavage O
site O
was O
located O
at O
nucleotide O
968 O
in O
GhTCP4A B-CommonName
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
6C O
) O
. O

Hand O
- O
cut O
stem B-Location
cross O
- O
sections O
were O
stained O
with O
phloroglucinol O
HCl O
and O
observed O
under O
an O
Eclipse O
E200MV O
R O
microscope O
( O
Nikon O
) O
and O
imaged O
using O
a O
Pix O
- O
eLINK O
3 O
MP O
camera O
. O

A O
key O
feature O
that O
allows O
the O
ensuing O
modi O
- O
fied O
lignin B-Compound
to O
be O
depolymerized O
under O
mild O
con O
- O
ditions O
is O
the O
incorporation O
of O
the O
ferulate B-Compound
unit O
into O
the O
lignin B-Compound
backbone O
rather O
than O
simply O
exist O
- O
ing O
as O
a O
pendant O
unit O
. O

Movie O
of O
juice O
extraction O
from O
fifth O
internodes O
of O
9 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
SKS O
and O
MS3B O
stems B-Location
. O

Scale O
is O
from O
low O
( O
red O
) O
to O
high O
( O
blue O
) O
ratio O
, O
where O
1 O
. O
0 O
equals O
the O
transcript O
level O
in O
cultures O
treated O
with O
undigested O
extract O
. O

The O
presence O
of O
EgrIRX15 B-CommonName
in O
EM1 O
may O
additionally O
hint O
at O
a O
role O
in O
either O
lignin B-Compound
' O
s O
interaction O
with O
xylan B-Compound
or O
another O
late O
- O
stage O
SCW B-Compound
process O
. O

Moreover O
, O
the O
phloem B-Location
proliferation B-Process
rate O
was O
more O
than O
twofold O
lower O
in O
Ler O
, O
with O
stagnation O
in O
phloem B-Location
cell I-Location
number O
between O
30 O
and O
35 O
dag O
( O
Figure O
3D O
) O
explaining O
the O
high O
xylem B-Location
tissue I-Location
occupancy O
at O
35 O
dag O
. O

As O
many O
as O
14 O
putative O
NST B-CommonName
homologs O
are O
present O
in O
cotton B-Species
, O
seven O
of O
which O
are O
preferentially O
expressed O
in O
fibers B-Location
undergoing O
SCW B-Compound
thickening B-Process
and O
some O
may O
have O
undergone O
subfunctionalization O
in O
cotton B-Species
. O

These O
abnormal O
and O
dense O
deposits O
of O
phenolic B-Compound
compo O
- O
nents O
were O
enlarged O
throughout O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
at O
the O
late O
stage O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

Ye O
Z O
- O
H O
, O
Zhong O
R O
. O

In O
a O
recent O
work O
of O
M O
e O
nard O
and O
Pesquet O
( O
2015 O
) O
it O
was O
suggested O
that O
in O
planta O
the O
intercellular O
interactions O
may O
contribute O
to O
the O
physiological O
functioning O
of O
xylem B-Location
fibers I-Location
. O

Mass O
spectra O
of O
these O
D O
- O
labeled O
standards O
were O
acquired O
on O
a O
Shimadzu O
2010plus O
GC O
- O
MS O
( O
EI O
) O
single O
- O
quad O
instrument O
run O
in O
both O
scan O
mode O
and O
SIM O
mode O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
of O
ERFs B-CommonName
in O
AspWood O
. O

However O
, O
the O
function O
of O
EIN3D B-CommonName
during O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
remains O
to O
be O
elucidated O
. O

However O
, O
few O
of O
GbRbohs B-CommonName
were O
very O
similar O
to O
their O
orthologs O
in O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
constructs O
were O
co O
- O
transformed O
into O
tobacco B-Species
as O
described O
above O
, O
and O
observed O
by O
confocal O
laser O
microscopy O
( O
Olympus O
589 O
FV1200 O
) O
. O

Together O
, O
these O
studies O
support O
a O
role O
for O
NAC B-CommonName
TFs O
as O
principal O
activators O
of O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
fibres B-Location
and O
vessels B-Location
, O
acting O
in O
distinct O
combinations O
in O
each O
case O
. O

For O
complementation O
experiments O
, O
the O
genomic O
fragments O
of O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
containing O
the O
5 O
' O
promoter O
region O
and O
3 O
' O
untranslated O
regions O
were O
ampli O
fi O
ed O
from O
Col O
- O
0 O
genomic O
DNA O
, O
respectively O
. O

It O
is O
therefore O
likely O
that O
the O
clean O
phenotype O
- O
linked O
gradients O
represent O
extensive O
shifts O
in O
global O
metabolism B-Process
. O

C O
: O
Promoter O
activity O
is O
speci O
fi O
cally O
visible O
in O
the O
cells O
of O
the O
outer O
integument O
. O

Plant O
caspase B-CommonName
- O
like O
proteases B-CommonName
( O
CLP O
) O
are O
thought O
to O
play O
an O
important O
role O
in O
most O
PCD B-Process
processes O
in O
plants O
. O

All O
reac O
- O
tions O
were O
performed O
on O
three O
biological O
replicates O
with O
three O
technical O
replicates O
for O
each O
sample O
and O
primer O
pair O
. O

Similarly O
, O
none O
of O
the O
11 O
independent O
transformants O
expressing O
TBA2p O
: O
: O
BGAL17 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
( O
BGAL17 B-CommonName
- O
Citrine O
) O
extruded O
mucilage B-Compound
when O
hydrated O
in O
water O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
were O
more O
likely O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
pathogen O
defense O
, O
suggesting O
that O
L B-Species
. I-Species

Despite O
their O
ubiquity O
, O
the O
function O
of O
Golgi O
fenestrations O
has O
not O
been O
resolved O
. O

The O
fl O
atness O
of O
the O
section O
was O
crucial O
for O
successful O
cutting O
and O
catapulting O
( O
Blokhina O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

The O
PdMYB221 B-CommonName
gene O
is O
predominantly O
expressed O
in O
fibers B-Location
and O
vessels B-Location
of O
poplar B-Species
stems B-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

distachyon I-Species
MYBs B-CommonName
were O
as O
identi O
fi O
ed O
previously O
( O
International O
Brachypodium B-Species
Initiative O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

S1 O
) O
higher O
expression O
levels O
than O
the O
endog O
- O
enous O
gene O
, O
were O
characterized O
. O

Proc O
Natl O
Acad O
Sci O
USA O
98 O
: O
5116 O
- O
5121 O
U O
" O
lker O
B O
, O
Somssich O
IE O
( O
2004 O
) O
WRKY B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
: O
from O
DNA O
binding O
towards O
biological O
function O
. O

Sanchez O
P O
, O
Nehlin O
L O
, O
Greb O
T O
. O

Contributed O
re O
- O
agents O
/ O
materials O
/ O
analysis O
tools O
: O
LS O
CB O
. O

Three O
biological O
replicates O
were O
performed O
at O
three O
different O
cultivation O
phases O
. O

If O
this O
is O
true O
, O
we O
should O
observe O
the O
increased O
basal O
diameters O
in O
overexpression O
lines O
and O
also O
the O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
increased O
stem B-Location
weights O
, O
but O
neither O
of O
these O
was O
true O
( O
Fig O
. O

23 O
Table O
S2 O
Immature B-Location
xylem I-Location
DNase O
- O
seq O
mapping O
rates O
. O

One O
is O
to O
reduce O
the O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
; O
the O
other O
is O
to O
change O
the O
proportion O
of O
lignin B-Compound
monomer O
composition O
( O
Chiang O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

( O
TIF O
) O
Figure O
S3 O
ANX B-CommonName
RLK B-CommonName
over O
- O
expression O
triggers O
plasma O
membrane O
invagination O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Detail O
of O
the O
genomic O
region O
contained O
within O
the O
significantly O
associated O
locus O
. O

miRBase O
: O
annotating O
high O
con O
fi O
dence O
microRNAs O
using O
deep O
sequencing O
data O
. O

This O
transcription O
factor O
belongs O
to O
the O
same O
subgroup O
of O
AtDof B-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
. I-CommonName
4 I-CommonName
, O
the O
proposed O
ortholog O
of O
PpDof5 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Tsujimoto O
- O
Inui O
et O
al O
. O

Evidence O
for O
an O
intramembrane O
component O
associated O
with O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
micro O
fi O
bril O
- O
synthesizing O
complex O
in O
higher O
plants O
. O

163 O
, O
2018 O
obtain O
various O
quantitative O
data O
from O
fi O
ve O
independent O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plants O
derived O
from O
fi O
ve O
distinct O
trans O
- O
genic O
events O
. O

The O
PCR O
program O
consisted O
of O
an O
initial O
activation O
step O
of O
15 O
min O
at O
95 O
deg O
C O
, O
followed O
by O
40 O
cycles O
of O
15 O
s O
at O
95 O
deg O
C O
, O
30 O
s O
at O
54 O
deg O
C O
, O
and O
30 O
s O
at O
72 O
deg O
C O
. O

During O
the O
growing O
season O
, O
the O
sampling O
was O
conducted O
on O
a O
weekly O
basis O
, O
and O
it O
con O
- O
tinued O
at O
least O
once O
per O
month O
outside O
of O
the O
active O
growing O
season O
( O
Fig O
. O

GUS O
activity O
analysis O
showed O
that O
both O
MYB6 B-CommonName
and O
MYB6 B-CommonName
- O
R3m O
were O
able O
to O
activate O
the O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
promoter O
signi O
fi O
- O
cantly O
, O
whereas O
KNA7 B-CommonName
repressed O
its O
expression O
( O
Figure O
7c O
) O
. O

In O
the O
proposed O
model O
, O
changes O
in O
lignin B-Compound
content O
in O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
HCT B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
or O
ccr1 B-CommonName
Arabidopsis B-Species
are O
perceived O
initially O
by O
the O
cell O
through O
activation O
of O
plasma O
membrane O
- O
localized O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
receptors O
. O

Suspensions O
of O
100 O
ml O
were O
sub O
- O
cultured O
weekly O
using O
3 O
: O
7 O
dilution O
. O

Growth B-Process
curves O
of O
stem B-Location
girth O
( O
m O
) O
at O
the O
base O
internodes B-Location
. O

( O
2000 O
) O
PROCUSTE1 B-CommonName
encodes O
a O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
required O
for O
normal O
cell O
elongation B-Process
speci O
fi O
- O
cally O
in O
roots B-Location
and O
dark O
- O
grown O
hypocotyls B-Location
of O
Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
. O

Partial O
colocalization O
of O
glucocorticoid O
and O
mineralocorticoid O
receptors O
in O
discrete O
compartments O
in O
nuclei O
of O
rat O
hippocampus O
neurons O
. O

During O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
wild O
- O
type O
cortical B-Location
Wbers I-Location
contained O
dense O
deposits O
of O
phenolic B-Compound
components O
in O
the O
middle O
lamellae O
and O
cell O
corners O
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
number O
of O
mapped O
QTL O
in O
this O
study O
should O
therefore O
be O
regarded O
as O
minimal O
. O

Internode B-Location
number O
was O
also O
increased O
by O
about O
10 O
% O
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
grown O
in O
soil O
for O
10 O
weeks O
( O
Fig O
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
. O
Supplemental O
Figure O
1 O
. O

This O
protein O
negatively O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
poplar B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
functioning O
as O
a O
negative O
feedback O
loop O
that O
represses O
metabolically O
SCW B-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
and O
maintaining O
homeostasis O
26 O
. O

After O
sonication O
and O
centrifugation O
, O
the O
MBP O
- O
TF O
486 O
proteins O
were O
purified O
using O
amylose O
resin O
from O
the O
supernatant O
. O

Different O
from O
Pearson O
correlation O
that O
records O
cor O
- O
relation O
between O
gene O
pairs O
without O
regard O
to O
other O
genes O
, O
partial O
correlation O
between O
two O
genes O
measures O
the O
degree O
of O
correlation O
remaining O
after O
removing O
the O
effects O
of O
other O
genes O
. O

Stressful O
conditions O
like O
high O
salinity O
, O
drought O
and O
high O
temperature O
as O
well O
as O
high O
concentrations O
of O
ABA B-Compound
commonly O
inhibit O
seedling O
growth B-Process
, O
and O
promote O
flowering B-Process
in O
plants O
including O
cotton B-Species
( O
Takeno O
, O
2016 O
) O
. O

D O
complements O
mutant O
anac074 B-CommonName
plant O
phenotypes O
and O
induces O
ectopic O
PCD B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
culture O
cells O
by O
up O
- O
regulating O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
PCD B-Process
- O
executing O
enzymes O
. O

Means O
SE O
, O
N O
= O
3 O
biological O
replicates O
. O

We O
demon O
- O
strated O
that O
rice B-Species
bean I-Species
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
nuclear O
- O
localized O
transcriptional O
activator O
, O
whose O
expression O
was O
specifically O
upregulated O
by O
Al O
in O
roots B-Location
but O
not O
in O
shoot B-Location
. O

Cosgrove O
, O
Growth B-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

S6 O
The O
binding O
ability O
of O
PaC3H17 B-CommonName
to O
the O
PaMYB199 B-CommonName
pro O
- O
moter O
fragments O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
KNOX B-CommonName
genes O
: O
versatile O
regulators O
of O
plant O
development B-Process
and O
diversity O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Induced O
somatic O
sector O
analysis O
of O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
promoter O
regions O
in O
woody B-Location
stem I-Location
tissues I-Location
. O

The O
current O
study O
indicates O
that O
AGPs B-CommonName
are O
mainly O
involved O
in O
the O
early O
stages O
of O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
roots B-Location
and O
in O
the O
later O
stages O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
in O
stems B-Location
. O

Improved O
understanding O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
deposition B-Process
in O
sugarcane B-Species
will O
be O
of O
great O
value O
when O
deciding O
the O
most O
appropriate O
approaches O
to O
facilitate O
the O
development B-Process
of O
commercial O
lines O
with O
increased O
saccharification B-Process
potential O
. O

The O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
T O
- O
DNA O
insertion O
was O
confirmed O
to O
be O
in O
the O
second O
exon O
( O
Fig O
. O

GUS O
activity O
was O
expressed O
as O
picomoles O
4 O
- O
MU O
per O
min O
per O
mu O
g O
soluble O
protein O
. O

Schreiber O
, O
Suberinda O
biopolyester O
forming O
apoplastic O
plant O
interfaces O
, O
Curr O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
fewer O
TFs O
were O
connected O
to O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
related O
cellulose B-Compound
and O
hemi B-Compound
- I-Compound
cellulose I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
genes O
( O
Fig O
. O

For O
the O
BiFC O
analysis O
, O
the O
cDNA O
of O
IIP4 B-CommonName
and O
NAC29 B-CommonName
was O
cloned O
into O
pSPY O
vectors O
containing O
either O
amino O
- O
or O
carboxyl O
- O
terminal O
enhanced O
yellow O
fl O
uorescence O
protein O
( O
EYFP O
) O
fragments O
. O

Plant O
Physiology O
and O
Biochem O
istry O
146 O
( O
2020 O
) O
303 O
- O
314 O
311 O
Fig O
. O

IIP4 B-CommonName
Cannot O
Bind O
the O
Promoter O
of O
MYB61 B-CommonName
or O
CESAs B-CommonName
. O

Forty O
individuals O
were O
randomly O
selected O
from O
this O
association O
population O
and O
used O
to O
identify O
SNPs O
within O
PtoCesA4 B-CommonName
using O
a O
direct O
sequencing O
method O
. O

This O
suggests O
other O
mechanisms O
are O
also O
involved O
in O
controlling O
in O
which O
direction O
a O
cell O
will O
grow O
. O

639207 O
) O
, O
and O
following O
Clontech O
Creator O
SMART O
cDNA O
Library O
Construction O
Kit O
manufacturer O
' O
s O
instructions O
. O

Data O
generated O
were O
represented O
as O
percentage O
intensity O
ratio O
. O

SR O
- O
FTIR O
imaging O
provides O
spatial O
and O
spectral O
information O
about O
the O
samples O
and O
, O
therefore O
, O
informs O
on O
the O
composition O
and O
location O
of O
the O
different O
sample O
constituents O
. O

Further O
investigations O
are O
being O
carried O
to O
validate O
these O
SNPs O
which O
are O
useful O
for O
the O
con O
- O
struction O
of O
Acacia B-Species
hybrid O
linkage O
map O
. O

no O
data O
available O
Peptide B-CommonName
15 I-CommonName
AKADVEPKAAEAETKPSQV O
AT3G56240 O
COPPER B-CommonName
CHAPERONE I-CommonName
( O
CCH B-CommonName
) O
Peptide O
abundant O
only O
in O
the O
induced O
condition O
. O

NADPH B-CommonName
Oxidase I-CommonName
Is O
Essential O
for O
Casparian B-Location
Strip I-Location
Formation B-Process
and O
Localized O
ROS B-Compound
Production O
( O
A O
) O
The O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidase I-CommonName
inhibitor O
DPI O
abolishes O
complementation O
observed O
by O
monolignol B-Compound
addi O
- O
tion O
in O
the O
newly O
grown O
root B-Location
zone O
of O
6 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
seedlings O
. O

JARQ O
42 O
: O
181 O
- O
186 O
Jensen O
WA O
( O
1962 O
) O
Botanical O
histochemistry O
. O

Pontamine O
Fast O
Scarlet O
4B O
( O
S4B O
) O
, O
a O
dye O
that O
fl O
uoresces O
preferentially O
in O
the O
presence O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
, O
has O
recently O
been O
used O
to O
image O
the O
spatial O
distri O
- O
bution O
of O
cellulose B-Compound
micro O
fi O
brils O
in O
root B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Anderson O
et O
al O
. O

The O
ions O
with O
m O
/ O
z O
= O
400 O
( O
highlighted O
in O
blue O
) O
for O
CA O
- O
FA O
and O
m O
/ O
z O
= O
430 O
( O
highlighted O
in O
green O
) O
for O
SA O
- O
FA O
were O
then O
subjected O
to O
MRM O
. O

Accepted O
Article O
responses O
by O
remodeling B-Process
matrix O
polysaccharides O
and O
regulating O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthetic O
machinery O
( O
Wolf O
et O
al O
. O

In O
particular O
, O
variants O
in O
ncRNA O
and O
TF O
genes O
played O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
role O
in O
this O
process O
, O
illustrating O
the O
additional O
regulation O
model O
that O
ncRNAs O
and O
TFs O
regulate O
gene O
expression O
at O
genomewide O
levels O
. O

Ferrer O
and O
Barcel O
o O
( O
1999 O
) O
performed O
well O
designed O
experiments O
to O
study O
the O
interaction O
of O
NO O
with O
peroxidase B-CommonName
in O
lignifying O
xylem B-Location
fibres I-Location
in O
zinnia B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

However O
, O
since O
these O
data O
origi O
- O
nated O
from O
several O
different O
laboratories O
using O
various O
experimental O
setups O
, O
the O
risk O
of O
obtaining O
false O
positive O
/ O
negative O
data O
must O
be O
kept O
in O
mind O
in O
this O
comparative O
analysis O
. O

Cha O
ff O
ey O
N O
, O
Cholewa O
E O
, O
Regan O
S O
, O
Sundberg O
B O
( O
2002 O
) O
Secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
development B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
: O
a O
model O
for O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

The O
largest O
number O
of O
peaks O
that O
were O
reproducibly O
called O
at O
an O
IDR O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
was O
25 O
319 O
( O
see O
Notes O
S1 O
; O
Fig O
. O

perenne I-Species
genes O
for O
genetic O
studies O
For O
the O
4CL B-CommonName
gene O
family O
, O
Lp4CL1 B-CommonName
should O
be O
the O
main O
priority O
for O
further O
genetic O
studies O
as O
it O
belongs O
to O
the O
only O
clade O
with O
a O
gene O
proven O
to O
be O
associated O
with O
developmental O
lignin B-Compound
( O
clade O
I O
- O
1 O
) O
. O

Kulkarni O
SR O
, O
Vaneechoutte O
D O
, O
Van O
de O
Velde O
J O
and O
Vandepoele O
K O
( O
2018 O
) O
TF2Network O
: O
predicting O
transcription O
factor O
regulators O
and O
gene O
regulatory O
networks O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
using O
publicly O
available O
binding O
site O
information O
. O

Bimolecular O
fl O
uorescence O
complementation O
( O
BiFC O
) O
was O
also O
used O
to O
test O
the O
ability O
of O
DUF3755 B-CommonName
to O
interact O
with O
PtrWOX13c B-CommonName
and O
PtrKNAT7 B-CommonName
during O
transient O
co O
- O
expression O
in O
Nicotiana B-Species
benthamiana I-Species
( O
tobacco O
) O
. O

The O
oligosaccharides O
from O
the O
hydrolysate O
of O
a O
hardwood B-Compound
xylan B-Compound
by O
the O
intracellular O
xylanase B-CommonName
, O
Mokuzai O
Gaikkashi O
22 O
( O
1976 O
) O
618 O
- O
625 O
. O

6 O
Direct O
regulation O
of O
PtoIAA9 B-CommonName
/ O
ARF5 B-CommonName
on O
PtoHB7 B-CommonName
and O
PtoHB8 B-CommonName
in O
Populus B-Species
tomentosa I-Species
. O

These O
PAL B-CommonName
sequences O
were O
clustered O
into O
three O
groups O
; O
purple O
, O
green O
and O
red O
lines O
indicate O
the O
three O
subfamilies O
of O
the O
PAL B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
MEGA4 O
: O
molecular O
evolutionary O
genetics O
analysis O
( O
MEGA O
) O
software O
version O
4 O
. O
0 O
. O

barbadense I-Species
in O
situated O
chromosomes O
and O
in O
specific O
positions O
, O
hinting O
that O
very O
complex O
exchange O
events O
of O
chromosome O
segments O
occur O
in O
the O
two O
tetraploid O
species O
after O
DNA O
polyploidization O
. O

The O
primers O
used O
in O
this O
study O
are O
listed O
in O
Supplemental O
Table O
S1 O
. O

Whether O
proteins O
involved O
in O
xylan B-Compound
modi B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
or O
reducing O
- O
end O
synthesis B-Process
also O
interact O
with O
each O
other O
or O
are O
part O
of O
the O
xylan B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
complex O
is O
currently O
unknown O
. O

The O
Dof B-CommonName
family O
seems O
to O
be O
considerably O
smaller O
in O
conifer O
species O
than O
in O
annual O
plants O
, O
as O
indicated O
by O
data O
derived O
from O
the O
Spruce B-Species
( O
Picea B-Species
glauca I-Species
) O
Transcription O
factor O
Database O
( O
PlantGDB O
) O
and O
the O
maritime B-Species
pine I-Species
tran O
- O
scriptome O
assembly O
( O
Canales O
et O
al O
. O

Brembu O
T O
, O
Winge O
P O
, O
Bones O
AM O
( O
2005 O
) O
The O
small O
GTPase B-CommonName
AtRAC2 B-CommonName
/ O
ROP7 B-CommonName
is O
specifically O
expressed O
during O
late O
stages O
of O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

with O
three O
biological O
replicates O
( O
each O
with O
two O
to O
three O
technical O
repeats O
) O
for O
the O
control O
and O
three O
technical O
repeats O
for O
transgenic O
lines O
. O

Expression O
patterns O
of O
KNAT3 B-CommonName
and O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
in O
the O
root B-Location
and O
stem B-Location
tissue O
. O

the O
ratio O
of O
seedlings O
with O
two O
green O
cotyledons B-Location
) O
under O
different O
concentration O
of O
NaCl O
after O
14 O
- O
d O
culture O
. O

Of O
interest O
a O
senescence B-Process
- O
as O
- O
sociated O
protein O
associated O
on O
the O
TRW O
b O
2 O
latent O
trait O
with O
the O
missense O
variant O
MA_817099_1105 O
. O

a O
, O
REV B-CommonName
and O
PHB B-CommonName
expression O
relative O
to O
b O
- O
tubulin O
control O
following O
dexamethasone O
treatment O
of O
35S O
: O
: O
VND7 B-CommonName
: O
VP16 O
: O
GR O
relative O
to O
untreated O
. O

Photographs O
were O
taken O
after O
each O
treatment O
. O

The O
membranes O
were O
washed O
brie O
fl O
y O
in O
2 O
x O
SSC O
and O
crosslinked O
using O
an O
ultraviolet O
crosslinker O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Hypocotyl O
cells O
expressing O
GFP O
- O
CMU1 B-CommonName
and O
the O
tubulin O
marker O
mCherry O
( O
mCh O
) O
- O
TUA5 O
. O

Spatial O
pattern O
of O
cauli O
fl O
ower O
mosaic O
virus O
35S O
promoter O
- O
luciferase O
expression O
in O
transgenic O
hybrid B-Species
aspen I-Species
trees O
monitored O
by O
enzymatic O
assay O
and O
non O
- O
destructive O
imaging O
. O

To O
investigate O
whether O
GinFT O
attenuates O
SCWB B-Process
as O
a O
unit O
, O
we O
profiled O
RNA O
from O
the O
first O
internodes B-Location
of O
35 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
WT O
and O
35S O
: O
GinFT O
plants O
. O

AIR O
, O
alcohol O
insoluble O
residue O
; O
S B-Location
- I-Location
Root I-Location
, O
seedling O
roots B-Location
. O

Reducing O
end O
groups O
in O
birch O
xylan B-Compound
and O
their O
alkaline O
- O
degradation B-Process
. O

For O
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
quality O
, O
the O
samples O
( O
approximately O
10 O
g O
for O
each O
sample O
) O
were O
tested O
by O
the O
Center O
of O
Cotton B-Species
Fiber B-Location
Quality O
Inspection O
and O
Testing O
, O
Chinese O
Ministry O
of O
Agriculture O
0 O
5 O
10 O
15 O
20 O
Relative O
expression O
GhHOX3 B-CommonName
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
GhMIR319 B-CommonName
Figure O
7 O
. O

Column O
" O
Anova O
( O
p O
) O
" O
is O
the O
outcome O
of O
statistical O
analyses O
as O
performed O
in O
TransOmics O
TM O
on O
arcsinh O
transformed O
peak O
areas O
. O

Based O
on O
peptide O
sequence O
similarity O
, O
no O
other O
genes O
were O
found O
in O
the O
Brachypodium B-Species
genome O
that O
could O
encode O
putative O
ammonia B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
lyases I-CommonName
. O

4CL B-CommonName
and O
COMT B-CommonName
show O
a O
pronounced O
decrease O
in O
expression O
, O
with O
only O
a O
65 O
% O
decrease O
from O
Section O
A O
to O
Section O
B O
, O
with O
minor O
expression O
decreases O
in O
older O
sections O
( O
Fig O
. O

GUS O
activity O
was O
estimated O
in O
various O
organs O
of O
wild O
type O
plants O
and O
transgenic O
banana B-Species
by O
MUG O
assay O
. O

In O
spring O
, O
the O
newly O
developed O
leaves B-Location
, O
stems B-Location
( O
with O
the O
bark B-Location
) O
( O
< O
3 O
months O
) O
, O
and O
the O
newly O
developed O
roots B-Location
were O
collected O
. O

They O
unfold O
over O
a O
time O
frame O
that O
can O
range O
from O
seconds O
, O
in O
the O
case O
of O
signaling O
cascades O
within O
a O
cell O
, O
to O
days O
or O
even O
years O
in O
the O
case O
of O
the O
long O
- O
term O
development B-Process
in O
forest O
trees O
( O
Forterre O
2013 O
) O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
Growth B-Process
of O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Therefore O
, O
we O
named O
the O
core O
sequence O
" O
TGTCGC O
" O
of O
novel O
motif O
1 O
the O
TC O
- O
box O
. O

Besides O
, O
the O
number O
, O
length O
and O
location O
of O
exons O
and O
introns O
are O
also O
different O
in O
PAL B-CommonName
. O

We O
monitored O
the O
functional O
activity O
of O
these O
genes O
by O
assaying O
for O
suppres O
- O
sion O
of O
thermoinhibited O
seeds O
. O

Hemicelluloses B-Compound
bind O
to O
cellulose B-Compound
micro O
fi O
brils O
, O
driving O
some O
resilience O
to O
this O
rigid O
but O
fl O
exible O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
reviewed O
in O
Fry O
2004 O
and O
Cosgrove O
2005 O
) O
. O

The O
residues O
were O
dried O
for O
16 O
h O
in O
the O
oven O
at O
103 O
* O
C O
and O
weighed O
to O
calculate O
the O
percentage O
Klason O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
AIR O
fraction O
. O

This O
is O
not O
the O
case O
for O
the O
CDS O
regions O
of O
LpCCR1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
and O
LpCOMT1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
potential O
ncRNAs O
( O
lncRNAs O
and O
miRNAs O
) O
and O
TFs O
that O
are O
associated O
with O
203 O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Left O
- O
A O
transgenic O
35S O
: O
GinFT O
tobacco B-Species
plant O
. O

kaempferi I-Species
The O
sum O
of O
rRNA O
snRNA O
snoRNA O
tRNA O
and O
miRNA O
in O
this O
table O
is O
valid O
UniqsRNA O
X O
xylem B-Location
P O
phloem B-Location
L O
leaf B-Location
Category O
P B-Species
. I-Species

A O
BLASTP O
search O
for O
CEF1 B-CommonName
homologs O
in O
Oryza B-Species
sativa I-Species
( O
japonica B-Species
) O
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
genomes O
identified O
17 O
and O
25 O
closer O
homologs O
, O
respectively O
. O

xylem B-Location
versus O
phloem B-Location
( O
xylem B-Location
vs O
phloem B-Location
) O
and O
combination O
of O
xylem B-Location
versus O
leaf B-Location
( O
xylem B-Location
vs O
leaf B-Location
) O
. O

The O
mixture O
was O
cleared O
by O
centrifugation O
for O
5 O
min O
at O
20 O
, O
000 O
g O
. O

2 O
months O
after O
potting O
and O
grown O
for O
four O
more O
weeks O
, O
and O
then O
, O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
( O
internodes B-Location
40 O
- O
60 O
) O
was O
harvested O
. O

Stone B-Location
cell I-Location
is O
one O
of O
the O
crucial O
factors O
affecting O
character O
of O
pear B-Species
fruit B-Location
and O
lignin B-Compound
is O
the O
essential O
constituent O
of O
stone B-Location
cell I-Location
( O
Yang O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

pROPGEF4 O
- O
GUS O
expression O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
roots B-Location
( O
A O
to O
D O
) O
pROPGEF4 O
- O
GUS O
. O

( O
1983 O
) O
for O
the O
isolation O
of O
genomic O
DNA O
from O
Arabidop B-Species
- I-Species
sis I-Species
. O

Clustering O
of O
proteins O
according O
to O
their O
relative O
abundance O
in O
the O
four O
samples O
collected O
along O
the O
CA O
gradient O
( O
CA1 O
- O
CA4 O
) O
. O

A O
signi O
fi O
cant O
enrichment O
( O
P O
5 O
2 O
. O
2e O
- O
6 O
) O
was O
observed O
using O
Fisher O
' O
s O
exact O
test O
. O

Eur O
J O
Hortic O
Sci O
68 O
: O
S253 O
- O
S259 O
Waldron O
KW O
, O
Parker O
ML O
, O
Smith O
AC O
( O
2003 O
) O
Plant O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
food O
quality O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Cellulose B-Compound
micro O
fi O
bril O
deposi O
- O
tion O
: O
coordinated O
activity O
at O
the O
plant O
plasma O
mem O
- O
brane O
. O

Ancient O
WOX B-CommonName
proteins O
lack O
the O
conserved O
repressor O
domain O
( O
WUS O
box O
) O
found O
in O
members O
of O
the O
modern O
clade O
( O
Lin O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

( O
2006 O
) O
GOLD B-CommonName
HULL I-CommonName
AND I-CommonName
INTERNODE2 I-CommonName
encodes O
a O
primarily O
multifunctional O
cinnamyl B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
alcohol I-CommonName
dehydrogenase I-CommonName
in O
rice B-Species
. O

The O
analysis O
used O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
best O
BLAST O
hits O
of O
Populus B-Species
gene O
models O
and O
signi O
fi O
cant O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
) O
enrichment O
of O
GO O
terms O
was O
calculated O
using O
GOstats O
V2 O
. O
40 O
. O
0 O
( O
Falcon O
and O
Gentleman O
2007 O
) O
. O

nst1 B-CommonName
nst2 B-CommonName
nst3 B-CommonName
triple O
- O
knockout O
mutants O
of O
A B-Species
. I-Species

This O
functional O
discrepancy O
depends O
on O
the O
tar O
- O
get O
organelle O
and O
their O
mechanistic O
role O
. O

As O
the O
most O
abundant O
biopolymer O
on O
Earth O
, O
cellulose B-Compound
is O
a O
principal O
component O
of O
both O
primary O
and O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

However O
, O
313 O
it O
remained O
unclear O
how O
plants O
coordinately O
regulate O
phenylalanine B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
314 O
response O
to O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

26 O
a O
2014 O
Society O
for O
Experimental O
Biology O
, O
Association O
of O
Applied O
Biologists O
and O
John O
Wiley O
& O
Sons O
Ltd O
Plant O
Biotechnology O
Journal O
( O
2015 O
) O
13 O
, O
pp O
. O

In O
summary O
, O
we O
believe O
underrepresentation O
of O
FOX O
mutants O
lines O
affected O
in O
diameter O
growth B-Process
is O
linked O
to O
the O
underrepresentation O
of O
genes O
expressed O
in O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

ANN1 B-CommonName
there O
- O
fore O
presents O
as O
a O
novel O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
- O
permeable O
transporter O
in O
plants O
( O
Laohavisit O
et O
al O
. O

Therefore O
, O
the O
observed O
effect O
of O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
[ O
N125I O
] O
on O
CMT B-Compound
array O
organisation B-Process
is O
likely O
not O
mediated O
through O
either O
CLASP B-CommonName
or O
GCP2 B-CommonName
. O

PdMYB55 B-CommonName
, O
a O
homolog O
of O
AtMYB55 B-CommonName
, O
could O
in O
fl O
uence O
the O
expression O
of O
key O
genes O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
pathway O
in O
our O
transient O
expression O
assay O
. O

To O
assess O
how O
the O
STLs B-CommonName
are O
oriented O
in O
the O
Golgi O
membrane O
, O
we O
performed O
microsomal O
protease O
protection O
assays O
in O
the O
absence O
or O
presence O
of O
detergent O
to O
disrupt O
the O
membranes O
. O

The O
concentrations O
of O
each O
compounds O
were O
de O
- O
termined O
and O
relative O
concentrations O
calculated O
as O
described O
for O
Fig O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
the O
two O
methoxyl O
groups O
in O
SinA B-Compound
increase O
the O
electronegativity O
of O
the O
phenyl O
ring O
centre O
, O
which O
strengthens O
the O
polar O
interaction O
between O
the O
pi O
electrons O
of O
SinA B-Compound
and O
Trp O
522 O
and O
Asn O
273 O
. O

The O
NAC B-CommonName
SECONDARY I-CommonName
CELL I-CommonName
WALL I-CommonName
THICKENING I-CommonName
PROMOTING I-CommonName
FACTOR I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
( O
NST1 B-CommonName
) O
and O
NST3 B-CommonName
are O
' O
master O
' O
transcription O
factors O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
in O
the O
interfascicular O
fibre B-Location
cells I-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
12 O
. O

However O
, O
there O
is O
also O
another O
mechanism O
of O
plant O
growth B-Process
that O
does O
not O
require O
cell O
division B-Process
, O
i O
. O
e O
. O

Plant O
J O
68 O
: O
941 O
- O
953 O
H O
o O
fte O
H O
( O
2015 O
) O
The O
yin O
and O
yang O
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
integrity O
control O
: O
brassinosteroid B-Compound
and O
FERONIA B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

Thereafter O
, O
samples O
were O
ultracentrifuged O
during O
5 O
min O
( O
10 O
, O
000 O
g O
, O
at O
room O
temperature O
) O
and O
the O
supernatant O
discarded O
. O

Xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
Anatomical O
cross O
- O
section O
was O
carried O
out O
to O
determine O
whether O
increased O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
resulted O
from O
enhanced O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplars B-Species
, O
as O
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Kwon O
et O
al O
. O

These O
results O
imply O
that O
the O
constitutive O
expression O
of O
PtFHT1 B-CommonName
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
does O
not O
drastically O
affect O
the O
load O
of O
aliphatics O
of O
suberin B-Compound
and O
cutin B-Compound
. O

AtLAC15 B-CommonName
is O
expressed O
in O
the O
roots B-Location
( O
McCaig O
et O
al O
. O

aCKNOWleDGMeNTS O
The O
authors O
thank O
Dr O
Bernard O
Schmidt O
( O
University O
of O
Sk O
o O
vde O
, O
Sweden O
) O
for O
help O
with O
data O
processing O
and O
Figures O
preparation O
. O

7 O
The O
additive O
effect O
of O
the O
eQTL O
. O

Hill O
JL O
, O
Hammudi O
MB O
, O
Tien O
M O
. O

After O
four O
extractions O
in O
methanol O
and O
vacuum O
dry O
- O
ing O
, O
200 O
mg O
of O
the O
sample O
was O
hydrolyzed O
in O
4 O
ml O
of O
72 O
% O
H O
2 O
SO O
4 O
at O
30 O
deg O
C O
for O
1 O
h O
. O

Contours O
of O
wounded O
stems B-Location
are O
indicate O
with O
dotted O
lines O
( O
H O
, O
I O
) O
. O

* O
To O
whom O
correspondence O
should O
be O
addressed O
. O

The O
increased O
radial O
stem B-Location
growth B-Process
of O
high O
N O
plants O
suggests O
that O
increased O
cell O
prolif B-Process
- I-Process
eration I-Process
may O
have O
occurred O
in O
the O
cambial O
region O
, O
leading O
to O
more O
cambial O
derivatives O
. O

( O
b O
) O
The O
binding O
of O
XVP B-CommonName
to O
co O
- O
receptor O
PXY B-CommonName
- O
BAK1 B-CommonName
complex O
negatively O
regulates O
TDIF B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

ARTICLE O
RESEARCH O
2 O
9 O
J O
A O
N O
U O
A O
R O
Y O
2 O
0 O
1 O
5 O
| O
V O
O O
L O
5 O
1 O
7 O
| O
N O
A O
T O
U O
R O
E O
| O
5 O
7 O
5 O
Macmillan O
Publishers O
Limited O
. O

The O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
ccr1 B-CommonName
( O
ccc O
) O
triple O
mutant O
line O
was O
isolated O
from O
the O
F4 O
population O
of O
a O
cad B-CommonName
c I-CommonName
cad B-CommonName
d I-CommonName
double O
mutant O
( O
WS O
) O
and O
a O
ccr1g B-CommonName
( O
Col O
0 O
) O
cross O
. O

The O
resulting O
glycome O
profiles O
showed O
several O
noteworthy O
changes O
, O
especially O
for O
ccr1 B-CommonName
. O

Drought O
stress O
experiment O
was O
performed O
for O
5 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Stem B-Location
diameter O
growth B-Process
of O
DX15 B-CommonName
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
- O
2A O
- O
PtrMYB221 B-CommonName
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
plant O
( O
# O
2 O
) O
compared O
to O
35S O
: O
: O
PdGA20ox1 B-CommonName
( O
# O
32 O
) O
and O
WT O
plants O
grown O
for O
6 O
months O
in O
an O
LMO O
fi O
eld O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
112 O
genes O
more O
expressed O
in O
tracheids B-Location
than O
in O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Supplemental O
Table O
S2 O
) O
were O
mostly O
present O
in O
this O
same O
cluster O
. O

Correlation O
of O
flesh O
in O
pyrus O
fruit B-Location
with O
its O
stone B-Location
cells I-Location
lignin B-Compound
. O

Hence O
, O
it O
is O
likely O
that O
the O
reduction O
of O
band O
intensity O
may O
be O
attributable O
mainly O
to O
condensation O
reactions O
of O
lignin B-Compound
molecules O
or O
oxidative O
alteration O
of O
lignin B-Compound
. O

The O
activated O
MPK B-CommonName
can O
subsequently O
phosphorylate O
various O
substrate O
proteins O
involved O
in O
diverse O
biological O
processes O
( O
Colcombet O
and O
Hirt O
, O
2008 O
; O
Popescu O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2009 O
) O
. O

Biosynthesis B-Process
of O
GAs B-Compound
in O
planta O
occurs O
through O
the O
isoprenoid B-Compound
pathway O
from O
mevalonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
12 O
. O

High O
perturbations O
of O
the O
pool O
of O
sinapate B-Compound
esters I-Compound
were O
described O
in O
ccr1 B-CommonName
mutants O
( O
Mir O
Derikvand O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2008 O
) O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Metaxylem B-Location
cell I-Location
number O
is O
increased O
in O
the O
kinase O
dead O
bri1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
mutant O
despite O
the O
presence O
of O
wild O
type O
- O
like O
BRI1 B-CommonName
protein O
levels O
. O

Although O
the O
data O
presented O
in O
this O
work O
point O
out O
the O
involvement O
of O
AtPrx52 B-CommonName
in O
the O
formation B-Process
of O
S O
units O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bers I-Location
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
this O
peroxidase B-CommonName
is O
unlikely O
to O
be O
the O
sole O
responsible O
for O
sinapyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
oxidation B-Process
, O
given O
that O
the O
decrease O
in O
S O
monomers O
pro O
- O
portion O
was O
signi O
fi O
cant O
but O
not O
notable O
. O

Moreover O
, O
MYB61 B-CommonName
, O
the O
upstream O
regulator O
of O
CESAs B-CommonName
, O
showed O
increased O
expression O
in O
both O
sclerenchyma B-Location
and O
parenchyma B-Location
cells I-Location
( O
Figure O
3D O
) O
. O

While O
acid O
phosphates O
are O
involved O
in O
a O
variety O
of O
physiological O
functions O
, O
they O
are O
also O
involved O
in O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
. O

For O
example O
, O
SbCAD8a B-CommonName
is O
more O
highly O
expressed O
in O
seedlings O
than O
in O
mature O
plants O
( O
Sa O
- O
ballos O
et O
al O
. O

Received O
June O
20 O
, O
2014 O
; O
accepted O
August O
22 O
, O
2014 O
; O
published O
August O
25 O
, O
2014 O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Norway B-Species
spruce I-Species
: O
from O
a O
model O
system O
to O
the O
tree O
[ O
doctoral O
thesis O
] O
. O

Mean O
value O
+ O
- O
SE O
of O
two O
experiments O
with O
three O
replicates O
each O
are O
given O
. O

For O
low O
temperature O
treatment O
, O
plants O
were O
grown O
at O
4 O
* O
C O
for O
six O
weeks O
under O
SD O
conditions O
and O
then O
transferred O
to O
LD O
conditions O
until O
bolting O
. O

In O
this O
study O
, O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
dominant O
- O
negative O
suppression O
caused O
precocious O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
and O
reduced O
cell O
elongation B-Process
. O

Annual O
Review O
of O
Plant O
Biology O
61 O
, O
263 O
- O
289 O
. O

A O
summary O
of O
all O
described O
transgenic O
lines O
and O
their O
complementation O
phenotypes O
can O
be O
found O
in O
Supplementary O
Table O
1 O
. O

A O
de O
- O
tailed O
examination O
of O
the O
triple O
mutant O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
revealed O
that O
the O
pollen B-Location
was O
normal O
, O
but O
that O
it O
was O
not O
released O
from O
the O
anthers B-Location
( O
Figure O
3B O
) O
. O

Illumine O
( O
2010 O
) O
TruSeq O
RNA O
Sample O
Preparation O
Guide O
. O

The O
filament O
stele B-Location
is O
a O
tube O
in O
the O
vascular B-Location
bundle I-Location
composed O
of O
continuous O
vessel B-Location
cells I-Location
with O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
that O
anchors O
the O
stamen B-Location
to O
the O
flower B-Location
and O
conducts O
water O
and O
nutri O
- O
ents O
( O
Goldberg O
et O
al O
. O
, O
1993 O
) O
. O

References O
Allen O
RA O
( O
1923 O
) O
Cytological O
studies O
of O
infection O
of O
Baart O
, O
Kanred O
and O
Mindum O
wheats O
by O
Puccinia O
graminis O
tritici O
forms O
III O
and O
XIX O
. O

Complementation O
of O
irregular O
xylem B-Location
phenotypes O
of O
ccr1 B-CommonName
irx4 B-CommonName
and O
lac4 B-CommonName
lac17 B-CommonName
mutants O
with O
GFP O
or O
mCherry O
fusion O
proteins O
. O

Bergmann O
, O
Stomatal O
patterning B-Process
and O
development B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
, O
we O
examined O
the O
AtVRLK1 B-CommonName
promoter O
activity O
in O
promoter O
- O
GFP O
- O
overexpressing O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Berleth O
, O
Control O
of O
leaf B-Location
vascular I-Location
patterning B-Process
by O
polar O
auxin B-Compound
transport O
, O
Gen O
. O

A O
mutant O
com O
- O
plementation O
assay O
is O
the O
best O
way O
to O
evaluate O
whether O
D O
is O
in O
- O
volved O
in O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
in O
stem B-Location
pith I-Location
parenchyma I-Location
. O

Applications O
of O
new O
sequencing O
technologies O
for O
transcriptome O
analysis O
. O

Regulation O
of O
VND6 B-CommonName
and O
SND1 B-CommonName
is O
necessary O
for O
normal O
growth B-Process
and O
development B-Process
( O
6 O
) O
. O

The O
black O
line O
corresponds O
to O
an O
F O
- O
score O
of O
3 O
. O
8 O
that O
represents O
the O
selected O
threshold O
at O
which O
biological O
noise O
will O
be O
reduced O
while O
retaining O
significantly O
relevant O
associations O
. O

Journal O
of O
Integrative O
Plant O
Biology O
49 O
, O
131 O
- O
143 O
. O

The O
cambium B-Location
differentiates O
, O
exclusively O
, O
new O
vascular B-Location
tissues I-Location
: O
the O
water O
and O
solutes O
conducting O
tissue O
( O
xylem B-Location
/ O
wood B-Compound
) O
toward O
the O
in O
- O
ner O
part O
of O
the O
plant O
and O
the O
assimilates O
conducting O
tissue O
( O
phloem B-Location
/ O
bast B-Compound
) O
toward O
the O
external O
part O
of O
the O
plant O
( O
2 O
) O
. O

The O
velocities O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
- O
specific O
CSCs O
were O
faster O
than O
those O
of O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
CSCs O
during O
abundant O
cellulose B-Compound
production O
. O

2006 O
; O
Mellerowicz O
and O
Gorshkova O
2012 O
; O
Gerttula O
et O
al O
. O

Finally O
, O
the O
recombinant O
CSE B-CommonName
was O
injected O
on O
a O
HiLoad O
26 O
/ O
60 O
Superdex O
75 O
prep O
grade O
with O
PBS O
as O
running O
solution O
for O
formulation O
and O
to O
remove O
minor O
contaminants O
. O

From O
the O
treated O
seedlings O
, O
0 O
. O
3 O
cm O
segments O
of O
basal O
stems B-Location
were O
embedded O
in O
Paraplast O
based O
on O
the O
method O
noted O
earlier O
. O

Additionally O
, O
the O
differences O
in O
complementation O
correlated O
with O
the O
level O
of O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
similarity O
relative O
to O
MUM2 B-CommonName
/ O
BGAL6 B-CommonName
( O
Fig O
. O

Lower O
fi B-Location
bre I-Location
length O
in O
high O
N O
- O
treated O
plants O
has O
been O
previously O
reported O
as O
one O
of O
the O
hallmarks O
of O
nitrogen O
fertilization O
in O
this O
hybrid B-Species
poplar I-Species
genotype O
( O
Pitre O
et O
al O
. O

No O
changes O
in O
the O
ratio O
of O
the O
monolignols B-Compound
were O
observed O
in O
roots B-Location
. O

These O
results O
indicate O
that O
suppression O
of O
PtrCesA3D B-CommonName
and O
PtrCesA7A B-CommonName
expression O
led O
to O
different O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
thickening B-Process
in O
xylem B-Location
fiber I-Location
cells I-Location
, O
which O
might O
be O
attributed O
to O
the O
different O
roles O
that O
different O
type O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
play O
in O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
multi O
- O
laminar O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
structure O
. O

C4H B-CommonName
, O
CCoAOMT B-CommonName
and O
F5H B-CommonName
all O
show O
no O
significant O
differences O
in O
expression O
levels O
across O
the O
five O
stem B-Location
sections O
. O

Forward O
and O
reverse O
genet O
- O
ics O
are O
commonly O
used O
methods O
for O
gene O
function O
analysis O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

The O
crystalline O
cellulose B-Compound
was O
measured O
using O
a O
method O
as O
described O
by O
Updegraff O
( O
1969 O
) O
. O

Flowers B-Location
of O
35 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
A B-Species
. I-Species

The O
activities O
of O
SOD B-CommonName
and O
POD B-CommonName
differed O
signi O
fi O
cantly O
in O
BplMYB46 B-CommonName
transgenic O
plants O
when O
exposed O
to O
NaCl O
or O
mannitol O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
conducted O
an O
in O
- O
depth O
study O
of O
changes O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
and O
phenolic B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
induced O
upon O
salinity O
in O
maize B-Species
seedlings O
and O
plants O
. O

( O
2008 O
) O
Plant O
CLE B-CommonName
peptides O
from O
two O
distinct O
functional O
classes O
synergistically O
induce O
division B-Process
of O
vascular B-Location
cells I-Location
. O

C O
and O
D O
, O
Expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
of O
the O
genes O
in O
clusters O
1 O
and O
2 O
. O

Lignin B-Compound
analyses O
Cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
were O
prepared O
with O
a O
Triton O
X O
- O
100 O
washing O
procedure O
in O
which O
the O
fi O
nal O
steps O
include O
washing O
with O
ethanol O
( O
three O
times O
) O
and O
diethyl O
ether O
( O
also O
three O
times O
) O
( O
Herrero O
et O
al O
. O

Sequence O
analysis O
indicated O
that O
this O
protein O
is O
homologous O
to O
Arabi O
- O
dopsis O
MPK6 B-CommonName
and O
named O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
10 O
) O
. O

Dobner O
M O
, O
Huss O
J O
, O
Tomazello O
Filho O
M O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
WOX4 B-CommonName
imparts O
auxin B-Compound
responsiveness O
to O
cambium B-Location
cells I-Location
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

Calcium O
signalling O
activates O
various O
downstream O
cas O
- O
cades O
that O
are O
highly O
regulated O
by O
changes O
in O
the O
phosphorylation B-Process
status O
of O
various O
regulatory O
or O
effector O
proteins O
. O

Transgenic O
T1 O
plants O
were O
selected O
on O
plates O
containing O
solid O
modified O
MS O
medium O
supplemented O
with O
1 O
% O
sucrose O
and O
25 O
mg O
L O
- O
1 O
hygromycin O
B O
. O

In O
line O
with O
this O
, O
RLP44 B-CommonName
is O
not O
among O
the O
experimentally O
defined O
targets O
of O
BZR1 B-CommonName
or O
BES1 B-CommonName
( O
24 O
, O
25 O
) O
. O

Journal O
of O
Agricultural O
and O
Food O
Chemistry O
, O
45 O
, O
2530 O
- O
2532 O
. O

Messerli O
M O
, O
Robinson O
KR O
( O
1997 O
) O
Tip O
localized O
Ca O
2 O
+ O
pulses O
are O
coincident O
with O
peak O
pulsatile O
growth B-Process
rates O
in O
pollen B-Location
tubes I-Location
of O
Lilium O
longiflorum O
. O

4c O
) O
, O
supporting O
a O
cellulose B-Compound
- O
related O
function O
of O
the O
STLs B-CommonName
in O
the O
Golgi O
apparatus O
. O

Global O
plant O
- O
responding O
me O
- O
chanisms O
to O
salt O
stress O
: O
physiological O
and O
molecular O
levels O
and O
implications O
in O
bio O
- O
technology O
. O

The O
ability O
of O
Bia B-CommonName
to O
enhance O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
was O
also O
supported O
by O
the O
fact O
that O
bia B-CommonName
- O
1 O
plants O
displayed O
less O
ectopic O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
than O
wild O
- O
type O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

7a O
) O
, O
while O
most O
of O
the O
vessel B-Location
cells I-Location
were O
collapsed O
in O
the O
mtirx1 B-CommonName
- O
1 O
mutant O
plants O
( O
Fig O
. O

In O
previous O
studies O
, O
it O
was O
determined O
that O
reducing O
the O
content O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
had O
an O
inconsistent O
e O
ff O
ect O
on O
the O
physical O
and O
mechanical O
properties O
of O
the O
wood B-Compound
. O

Crystal O
structures O
of O
mannan B-Compound
and O
glucomannans B-Compound
. O

FIGURE O
S2 O
| O
Construction O
of O
co O
- O
expression O
modules O
by O
WGCNA O
. O

In O
longitudinal O
sections O
of O
cwa1 B-CommonName
internodes B-Location
, O
both O
irregu O
- O
larly O
thick O
and O
thin O
regions O
were O
also O
clearly O
seen O
within O
the O
same O
sclerenchyma B-Location
cell I-Location
( O
Fig O
. O

Therefore O
, O
our O
fi O
ndings O
reveal O
a O
novel O
mechanism O
wherein O
IQD13 B-CommonName
couples O
the O
dynamics O
and O
plasma O
membrane O
association O
of O
microtubules O
to O
regulate O
the O
planar O
shape O
of O
active O
ROP O
domains O
. O

Annual O
Review O
of O
Plant O
Biology O
63 O
: O
615 O
- O
636 O
. O

( O
b O
) O
Root B-Location
growth B-Process
of O
wild O
- O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
, O
vector O
control O
( O
VC O
) O
, O
and O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
overexpressing O
lines O
. O

RNAplex O
: O
a O
fast O
tool O
for O
RNA O
- O
RNA O
interaction O
search O
. O

Genomic O
DNA O
was O
isolated O
from O
a O
single O
megagametophyte O
obtained O
from O
the O
tree O
genotype O
7 O
- O
56 O
. O

The O
similar O
result O
was O
obtained O
with O
the O
PdMYB156 B-CommonName
sense O
probe O
( O
data O
not O
shown O
) O
. O

Plant O
and O
Cell O
Physiology O
50 O
: O
1099 O
- O
1115 O
DOI O
10 O
. O
1093 O
/ O
pcp O
/ O
pcp062 O
. O

twofold O
lower O
than O
in O
Col O
- O
0 O
( O
Figure O
3E O
) O
. O

2012 O
) O
, O
jasmonic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
( O
Kiba O
et O
al O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Depletion O
of O
BRs B-Compound
by O
PPZ O
treatment O
leads O
to O
bri O
- O
triple O
- O
like O
growth B-Process
in O
the O
wild O
type O
and O
does O
not O
further O
reduce O
bri O
- O
triple O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
. O

Results O
presented O
as O
each O
gene O
normalized O
to O
each O
gene O
control O
. O

Oligonucleotides O
used O
for O
genotyping O
are O
described O
in O
Supplemental O
Data O
Set O
6 O
. O

I O
am O
not O
sure O
that O
the O
authors O
can O
easily O
quantify O
SmaCCs O
in O
these O
conditions O
. O

1c O
) O
, O
the O
sclerenchyma B-Location
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
of O
the O
mutant O
internodes B-Location
had O
uneven O
thickness O
with O
a O
rough O
surface O
on O
the O
cytoplasmic O
side O
, O
resulting O
in O
a O
mixture O
Fig O
. O

The O
qPCR O
results O
for O
each O
gene O
were O
: O
( O
a O
) O
normalized O
to O
an O
endogenous O
control O
, O
Gh O
( O
AteIF5 O
- O
like O
) O
, O
a O
cotton B-Species
homolog O
Secondary O
Walled O
Cells O
Express O
Different O
Cellulose B-CommonName
Synthases I-CommonName
217 O
of O
elongation B-CommonName
initiation I-CommonName
factor I-CommonName
5 I-CommonName
that O
was O
previously O
validated O
as O
a O
control O
for O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
qPCR O
( O
Haigler O
et O
al O
. O

Cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
carbohydrates O
, O
hydrolyzed O
into O
their O
individual O
monomers O
, O
were O
analyzed O
using O
High O
Performance O
Liquid O
Chromatography O
. O

L O
^ O
e O
Cao O
for O
help O
with O
the O
use O
of O
M O
IX O
O O
MICS O
. O

Arrowheads O
in O
d O
indicate O
the O
pit O
. O

Expression O
patterns O
of O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
time O
genes O
in O
the O
transgenic O
plants O
Flowering B-Process
is O
in O
fl O
uenced O
by O
a O
variety O
of O
environmental O
and O
endogenous O
cues O
, O
and O
a O
number O
of O
genes O
play O
critical O
roles O
in O
this O
process O
. O

Printz O
e O
- O
mail O
: O
printz O
@ O
lippmann O
. O
lu O
R O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
On O
- O
off O
switches O
for O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

KNAT7 B-CommonName
alone O
is O
not O
an O
autoactivator O
in O
Y2H O
assays O
, O
indicating O
that O
its O
ability O
to O
activate O
reporters O
in O
Y1H O
depends O
on O
its O
fusion O
with O
the O
Gal4 O
AD O
. O

GC O
- O
MS O
and O
Multiple O
Reaction O
Monitoring O
( O
MRM O
) O
on O
a O
Triple O
- O
quad O
( O
TQ O
) O
System O
- O
F O
. O

It O
is O
possible O
that O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
binds O
to O
the O
SMRE O
sites O
in O
these O
promoters O
to O
directly O
or O
indirectly O
activate O
expression O
of O
the O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
in O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
bers I-Location
. O

These O
results O
demonstrate O
that O
TMO6 B-CommonName
is O
responsive O
to O
genetic O
perturbation O
of O
TDIF B-CommonName
- O
PXY B-CommonName
signaling O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
they O
were O
still O
also O
highly O
conserved O
among O
monocot O
clade O
I O
genes O
, O
suggesting O
that O
residues O
essen O
- O
tial O
for O
substrate O
binding O
in O
a O
dicot O
species O
are O
essential O
for O
monocot O
species O
as O
well O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

The O
values O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
se O
of O
50 O
independent O
cells O
. O

At O
least O
20 O
independent O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
generated O
from O
each O
transformation O
. O

A O
number O
1 O
means O
that O
the O
gene O
was O
identified O
in O
the O
respective O
co O
- O
expression O
analysis O
. O

Monoclonal O
antibodies O
and O
carbohydrate O
- O
binding O
modules O
Monoclonal O
antibodies O
and O
CBMs O
used O
in O
this O
study O
were O
as O
follows O
: O
INRA O
- O
AX1 O
arabinoxylan B-Compound
( O
Guillon O
et O
al O
. O

S11 O
C O
and O
D O
) O
, O
or O
the O
elevated O
levels O
of O
H O
units O
( O
Fig O
. O

Zhong O
R O
, O
Lee O
C B-CommonName
, O
Ye O
ZH O
( O
2010b O
) O
Functional O
characterization O
of O
poplar O
wood B-Compound
- O
associated O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
transcription O
factors O
. O

The O
OsGT47A B-CommonName
gene O
can O
restore O
xylose B-Compound
composition O
and O
xylan B-Compound
in O
the O
irx10 B-CommonName
irx10L B-CommonName
mutant O
The O
irx10 B-CommonName
irx10L B-CommonName
double O
mutation O
is O
mainly O
defective O
in O
xylan B-Compound
backbone O
synthesis B-Process
, O
and O
the O
mutation O
affects O
the O
sugar O
composition O
of O
the O
mutant O
compared O
with O
the O
wild O
type O
( O
Brown O
et O
al O
. O

7 O
) O
throughout O
the O
summer O
until O
the O
end O
of O
August O
, O
when O
expression O
declined O
rapidly O
( O
Fig O
. O

Suberin B-Compound
deposition B-Process
is O
also O
induced O
by O
wounding B-Process
, O
and O
in O
response O
to O
pathogen O
attacks O
and O
unfavorable O
environmental O
conditions O
, O
such O
as O
drought O
and O
1 O
To O
whom O
correspondence O
should O
be O
addressed O
. O

Some O
sections O
that O
were O
not O
reacted O
with O
LM10 O
or O
LM21 O
were O
incubated O
with O
secondary O
antibody O
as O
a O
control O
reaction O
. O

Expression O
of O
defence O
and O
stress O
- O
related O
genes O
Transcriptional O
reprogramming O
is O
an O
important O
feature O
activated O
in O
response O
to O
upstream O
stress O
signals O
. O

One O
possibility O
is O
that O
one O
of O
the O
as O
- O
yet O
untested O
RBOH B-CommonName
genes O
is O
able O
to O
account O
for O
this O
effect O
. O

All O
experiments O
were O
repeated O
at O
least O
three O
times O
with O
three O
technical O
replicates O
for O
each O
. O

This O
result O
showed O
that O
these O
three O
miRNAs O
might O
have O
the O
same O
function O
as O
miR319c B-CommonName
in O
poplar B-Species
. O

Gaps O
are O
indicated O
by O
dashes O
, O
letters O
with O
a O
black O
background O
are O
identical O
amino O
acids O
, O
and O
letters O
with O
a O
gray O
background O
are O
similar O
amino O
acids O
. O

Many O
programmed B-Process
cell I-Process
death I-Process
related O
genes O
such O
as O
cysteine B-CommonName
proteases I-CommonName
( O
XCP1 B-CommonName
and O
XCP2 B-CommonName
) O
and O
nucleases O
( O
ZEN1 B-CommonName
) O
are O
known O
to O
be O
expressed O
during O
tracheary B-Location
cell I-Location
di B-Process
ff I-Process
erentiation I-Process
[ O
17 O
, O
34 O
] O
. O

To O
this O
end O
, O
pro O
- O
teomics O
could O
be O
combined O
to O
quantitative O
trait O
loci O
mapping O
to O
uncover O
the O
genetic O
architecture O
of O
wood B-Compound
proteome O
variability O
( O
Bourgeois O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Temporal O
and O
spatial O
changes O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
in O
developing O
grains O
of O
wheat B-Species
cv O
. O

For O
a O
marker O
to O
be O
declared O
as O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
QTL O
, O
a O
SSP O
inclusion O
frequency O
of O
at O
least O
0 O
. O
52 O
( O
i O
. O
e O
. O

There O
may O
not O
be O
a O
direct O
relationship O
between O
CesA B-CommonName
expression O
and O
cellu B-Compound
- I-Compound
lose I-Compound
content O
, O
as O
evidenced O
when O
SND1 B-CommonName
is O
overexpressed O
[ O
28 O
] O
. O

1999 O
) O
detected O
a O
total O
of O
29 O
different O
cis O
- O
elements O
between O
CAD B-CommonName
promoters O
from O
angiosperm O
and O
gymnosperm O
origin O
( O
Table O
S1 O
) O
. O

Albari O
~ O
no O
) O
conferred O
by O
the O
EgCCR B-CommonName
promoter O
of O
Eucalyptus B-Species
gunnii I-Species
. O

This O
is O
in O
line O
with O
what O
has O
been O
shown O
in O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
autophagic O
induction O
in O
RabG3bCA B-CommonName
- O
cultured O
cells O
. O

Considering O
that O
the O
ribosome O
is O
the O
site O
of O
protein O
synthesis B-Process
, O
the O
reduced O
nuclear O
export O
of O
60S O
ribosomal O
subunit O
should O
decrease O
Figure O
2 O
. O

Using O
excitation O
at O
488 O
nm O
, O
2 O
Plant O
Mol O
Biol O
( O
2016 O
) O
91 O
: O
1 O
- O
13 O
123 O
GFP O
was O
imaged O
between O
500 O
and O
550 O
nm O
, O
and O
propidium O
iodide O
( O
10 O
lM O
) O
counterstaining O
of O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
was O
imaged O
between O
600 O
and O
800 O
nm O
. O

Transgenic O
lines O
were O
selected O
in O
vitro O
on O
half O
- O
strength O
Murashige O
and O
Skoog O
medium O
( O
MS O
) O
with O
10 O
mu O
g O
ml O
- O
1 O
hygromycin O
B O
. O

designed O
the O
project O
and O
wrote O
the O
manuscript O
. O

DISCUSSION O
The O
FBP B-CommonName
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
Is O
a O
Component O
of O
an O
SCF B-CommonName
E3 I-CommonName
Ligase I-CommonName
Expression O
analyses O
showed O
that O
in O
the O
reproductive O
tissues O
, O
the O
transcript O
abundance O
of O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
is O
high O
in O
early O
panicle O
stages O
and O
anthers B-Location
, O
whereas O
in O
the O
vege O
- O
tative O
tissues O
it O
is O
the O
root B-Location
. O

Interestingly O
, O
a O
gene O
known O
to O
Table O
2 O
. O

The O
cells O
were O
grown O
to O
an O
optical O
density O
of O
1 O
. O
0 O
as O
measured O
by O
the O
absorbance O
at O
600 O
nm O
, O
transferred O
at O
20 O
deg O
C O
, O
and O
expression O
was O
induced O
by O
addition O
of O
1 O
mM O
IPTG O
overnight O
. O

The O
transgenic O
lines O
grew O
faster O
than O
wild O
- O
type O
hybrid O
poplar B-Species
( O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Based O
on O
the O
results O
of O
GO O
analysis O
, O
we O
know O
that O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
related O
biological O
process O
were O
impacted O
in O
the O
CSILs O
, O
but O
it O
is O
still O
not O
very O
clear O
how O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
was O
affected O
in O
the O
CSILs O
. O

Mitochondrial O
metabolism B-Process
in O
developing B-Location
embryos I-Location
of O
Brassica B-Species
napus I-Species
. O

( O
DOC O
) O
Figure O
S4 O
Electronic O
Fluorescence O
Pictographic O
( O
eFP O
) O
represen O
- O
tations O
of O
M B-Species
. I-Species

According O
to O
the O
criteria O
established O
for O
differentially O
expressed O
genes O
, O
396 O
genes O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
as O
upreg O
- O
ulated O
and O
29 O
as O
downregulated O
in O
nitrate O
as O
the O
sole O
nitrogen O
source O
( O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Use O
of O
ri O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
for O
production O
of O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Similar O
to O
EXPA B-CommonName
, O
a O
notable O
up O
- O
regulation O
of O
the O
genes O
marking O
early O
phloem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
( O
APL B-CommonName
; O
Fig O
. O

In O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
At B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
RBOHD I-CommonName
was O
shown O
to O
be O
required O
for O
the O
generation O
of O
extracellular O
ROS B-Compound
in O
plant O
defence O
response O
during O
an O
incompatible O
reaction O
( O
Torres O
et O
al O
. O

Sections O
were O
stained O
with O
toluidine O
blue O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
The O
Arabidopsis B-Species
COPT6 B-CommonName
transport O
protein O
functions O
in O
copper O
distribution B-Process
under O
copper O
- O
de O
fi O
cient O
condi O
- O
tions O
. O

We O
then O
extended O
the O
genewise O
analysis O
by O
carrying O
out O
a O
weighted O
gene O
coexpression O
network O
analysis O
( O
WGCNA O
) O
( O
Zhang O
and O
Horvath O
2005 O
; O
Langfelder O
and O
Horvath O
2008 O
) O
in O
R O
( O
R O
Core O
Team O
2014 O
) O
, O
a O
method O
that O
allows O
the O
anal O
- O
ysis O
of O
microarray O
datasets O
by O
quantifying O
not O
only O
the O
correlations O
between O
individual O
pairs O
of O
genes O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
, O
but O
also O
the O
extent O
to O
which O
these O
genes O
are O
highly O
correlated O
with O
their O
neighbors O
( O
topological O
overlap O
) O
. O

Surveys O
of O
SNPs O
diversity O
in O
genes O
have O
been O
mainly O
focused O
on O
exons O
, O
introns O
, O
and O
UTRs O
, O
with O
less O
attention O
to O
promoter O
regions O
. O

Tom O
a O
s O
, O
A O
. O
M O
. O

Loraine O
, O
CressExpress O
: O
A O
tool O
for O
large O
- O
scale O
mining O
of O
expression O
data O
from O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

2002 O
) O
that O
are O
involved O
in O
cellulose B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

Analysis O
of O
transactivation O
activity O
and O
interaction O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
protein O
. O

MiR395 B-CommonName
mediates O
the O
regulation O
of O
sulfate O
accumulation B-Process
and O
allocation B-Process
by O
targeting O
APS B-CommonName
and O
SULTR2 B-CommonName
( O
Liang O
et O
al O
. O

( O
B O
) O
Expression O
of O
RLP44 B-CommonName
fused O
to O
GFP O
under O
control O
of O
its O
own O
regulatory O
5 O
' O
sequences O
( O
pRLP44 O
: O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
) O
in O
the O
rlp44 B-CommonName
cnu2 B-CommonName
mutant O
background O
. O

456 O
VOLUME O
29 O
NUMBER O
5 O
MAY O
2011 O
nature O
biotechnology O
l O
e O
t O
t O
e O
r O
s O
higher O
and O
micronaire O
values O
of O
the O
two O
lines O
were O
lower O
than O
for O
the O
nontransgenic O
control O
in O
the O
3 O
- O
year O
trials O
( O
2007 O
, O
2008 O
and O
2009 O
; O
Table O
1 O
) O
. O

BC O
brittle B-CommonName
culm I-CommonName
, O
CESA B-CommonName
cellulose B-CommonName
synthease I-CommonName
. O

b O
Ascorbate O
( O
APX B-CommonName
) O
enzyme O
activity O
. O

DISCUSSION O
A O
Concentric O
Circles O
Model O
De O
fi O
nes O
Functional O
Domains O
of O
Polysaccharide O
Production O
in O
Golgi O
Stacks O
During O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
the O
xylan O
biosynthetic O
protein O
IRX9 B-CommonName
and O
its O
xylan O
product O
were O
detected O
in O
concentric O
circles O
in O
the O
Golgi O
cisternae O
. O

If O
compensatory O
CMT B-Compound
or O
CMF B-Compound
reorganisation B-Process
is O
prevented O
through O
genetic O
or O
pharmacological O
means O
, O
cells O
lack O
both O
mechanisms O
promoting O
growth B-Process
anisotropy O
, O
so O
growth B-Process
becomes O
isotropic O
and O
cells O
swell O
dramatically O
. O

In O
grasses O
, O
the O
lignin B-Compound
polymer O
is O
composed O
predominantly O
of O
syringyl B-Compound
( O
S O
) O
and O
guaiacyl B-Compound
( O
G O
) O
monolignol B-Compound
units O
, O
and O
a O
lower O
amount O
of O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
hydroxyphenyl I-Compound
( O
H O
) O
units O
( O
Boerjan O
et O
al O
. O

The O
colored O
shapes O
of O
the O
nodes O
indicates O
genes O
that O
belong O
to O
the O
same O
gene O
families O
or O
contain O
same O
Pfam O
domains O
. O

Percentage O
of O
dead O
cells O
after O
24 O
, O
48 O
and O
72 O
h O
detected O
by O
trypan O
blue O
staining O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
suspension O
cultures O
treated O
with O
methanol O
( O
Control O
) O
, O
TA B-Compound
( O
2 O
. O
0 O
lM O
) O
and O
IXB B-Compound
( O
100 O
nM O
) O
. O

Each O
transgenic O
line O
was O
multiplied O
through O
cutting O
propagation O
for O
biological O
repeats O
. O

Bars O
show O
standard O
error O
; O
* O
denotes O
significant O
difference O
compared O
to O
wild O
type O
TDIF O
treated O
sample O
( O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
) O
determined O
using O
a O
Students O
t O
- O
test O
. O

The O
gene O
LpCAD1 B-CommonName
is O
the O
only O
candidate O
gene O
for O
the O
CAD B-CommonName
gene O
family O
. O

( O
2001 O
) O
Pectin B-CommonName
methylesterases I-CommonName
: O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
enzymes O
with O
important O
roles O
in O
plant O
physiology O
. O

Tran O
- O
scriptome O
analysis O
of O
Thapsia B-Species
laciniata I-Species
Rouy O
provides O
insights O
into O
terpenoid B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
diversity O
in O
Apiaceae B-Species
. O

Models O
fi O
tting O
quantitative O
wood B-Compound
traits O
in O
terms O
of O
metabolite O
pro O
fi O
les O
, O
capable O
of O
prediction O
, O
were O
generated O
using O
the O
R O
glm O
and O
step O
functions O
. O

Regulation O
of O
lysine B-Compound
catabolism B-Process
in O
higher O
plants O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
CWA1 B-CommonName
/ O
BC1 B-CommonName
expression O
was O
temporally O
restricted O
before O
active O
formation B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
and O
subsequently O
diminished O
during O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
similar O
to O
the O
expression O
patterns O
observed O
by O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

( O
A O
) O
Roots B-Location
from O
18 O
- O
d O
- O
old O
plants O
grown O
in O
hydroponic O
cultures O
. O

J O
Exp O
Bot O
60 O
: O
1579 O
- O
1588 O
This O
article O
is O
protected O
by O
copyright O
. O

Chimeric O
repressor O
of O
PtSND2 B-CommonName
severely O
affects O
wood B-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
transgenic O
Populus B-Species
. O

The O
other O
LACCASE B-CommonName
genes O
did O
not O
have O
statisti O
- O
cally O
signi O
fi O
cant O
expression O
differences O
between O
these O
cell O
types O
. O

Nevertheless O
, O
N O
- O
linked O
glycosylation B-Process
is O
a O
process O
that O
affects O
a O
substantial O
fraction O
of O
the O
cell O
' O
s O
proteome O
, O
and O
components O
along O
the O
secretory O
pathway O
that O
distinctively O
affect O
the O
activity O
of O
CSCs O
therefore O
remain O
unknown O
. O

Coexpression O
analysis O
of O
human B-Species
genes O
across O
many O
microarray O
data O
sets O
. O

Yeast O
two O
- O
hybrid O
analysis O
was O
employed O
to O
analyze O
the O
interaction O
of O
GhMYBL1 B-CommonName
proteins O
. O

Our O
findings O
provide O
major O
clues O
in O
understanding O
the O
regulation O
of O
H O
2 O
O O
2 O
mediated O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
synthesis B-Process
during O
salt O
stress O
. O

The O
mechanisms O
regulating O
exocytosis B-Process
of O
the O
salivary O
glands O
of O
the O
soft O
tick O
, O
Ornithodoros O
savignyl O
PhD O
thesis O
. O

FIGURE O
S2 O
| O
( O
A O
) O
Representation O
of O
the O
area O
selection O
of O
the O
lumen O
, O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
and O
ray B-Location
. O

FUNDING O
This O
work O
was O
supported O
by O
the O
Division O
of O
Chemical O
Sciences O
, O
Geosciences O
, O
and O
Biosciences O
, O
Office O
of O
Basic O
Energy O
Sciences O
of O
the O
US O
Department O
of O
Energy O
( O
DOE O
) O
( O
grant O
no O
. O

Hao O
et O
al O
. O
, O
Loss O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
GAUT12 B-CommonName
/ O
IRX8 B-CommonName
causes O
anther B-Location
indehiscence B-Process
and O
leads O
to O
reduced O
G B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
associated O
with O
altered O
matrix O
polysaccharide O
deposition B-Process
. O

1998 O
; O
Almeida O
- O
Rodriguez O
2009 O
; O
Sade O
et O
al O
. O

Tissue O
speci O
fi O
city O
of O
genes O
for O
interacting O
proteins O
As O
noted O
above O
, O
expression O
of O
the O
vast O
majority O
( O
93 O
% O
) O
of O
the O
PW O
full O
- O
length O
ORFs O
cloned O
for O
this O
study O
exhibited O
high O
speci O
- O
fi O
city O
for O
xylem B-Location
( O
Figure O
1A O
) O
. O

An O
example O
of O
classifier O
selection O
through O
V O
- O
fold O
cross O
validation O
. O

You O
could O
then O
test O
whether O
it O
is O
possible O
to O
observe O
the O
interaction O
with O
UDP B-Compound
- I-Compound
Glc I-Compound
in O
this O
assay O
. O

Fifty O
- O
two O
peptides O
encoded O
by O
CLE B-CommonName
genes O
were O
identi O
fi O
ed O
in O
the O
genome O
of O
Populus B-Species
trichocarpa I-Species
. O

To O
confirm O
the O
data O
from O
the O
RNA O
- O
seq O
, O
the O
transcription O
of O
18 O
genes O
was O
analysed O
using O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
. O

Plants O
control O
the O
properties O
and O
actuation O
of O
their O
organs O
through O
the O
orientation B-Process
of O
cellulose B-Compound
fibrils I-Compound
in O
their O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

None O
of O
the O
genes O
was O
solely O
expressed O
in O
tracheids B-Location
, O
whereas O
expression O
of O
69 O
genes O
was O
detected O
only O
in O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
, O
with O
no O
detectable O
ex O
- O
pression O
in O
tracheids B-Location
( O
Table O
1 O
; O
Supplemental O
Table O
S6 O
) O
. O

A O
new O
RNASeq O
- O
based O
reference O
transcriptome O
for O
sugar B-Species
beet I-Species
and O
its O
application O
in O
transcriptome O
- O
scale O
analysis O
of O
vernalization O
and O
gibberellin B-Compound
responses O
. O

Understanding O
localized O
lignin B-Compound
formation B-Process
is O
also O
hindered O
by O
the O
many O
uncertainties O
con O
- O
cerning O
the O
general O
mechanisms O
of O
lignin B-Compound
polymerization B-Process
in O
vivo O
( O
Liu O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

In O
the O
case O
of O
Cu O
excess O
, O
the O
stems B-Location
tend O
to O
accumulate O
Cu O
and O
Co O
and O
to O
lower O
the O
content O
of O
Fe O
, O
while O
in O
the O
case O
of O
Cu O
de O
fi O
ciency O
the O
two O
elements O
Mo O
and O
Na O
tend O
to O
accumulate O
more O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Detection O
of O
xylan B-Compound
epitopes O
with O
monoclonal O
antibodies O
( O
LM11 O
and O
LM28 O
) O
specific O
for O
xylan B-Compound
and O
glucuronoxylan B-Compound
respectively O
. O

The O
sequences O
can O
be O
also O
found O
in O
File O
S2 O
, O
S3 O
and O
S4 O
. O

These O
genes O
respond O
rapidly O
and O
in O
a O
transient O
form O
to O
auxin B-Compound
( O
Spartz O
et O
al O
. O

These O
results O
con O
fi O
rm O
that O
the O
fi O
ne O
spatial O
and O
temporal O
dissection O
of O
these O
Eucalyptus B-Species
promoters O
was O
accurately O
studied O
in O
heterologous O
plant O
systems O
, O
in O
line O
with O
the O
highly O
conserved O
network O
regulating O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
deposition B-Process
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

Genes O
comprising O
these O
clusters O
are O
colored O
by O
ratio O
of O
Transitional O
/ O
Secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
stages O
( O
Internodes B-Location
5 O
through O
3 O
) O
to O
Elongation B-Process
stages O
( O
Internodes B-Location
8 O
and O
9 O
) O
. O

Characterization O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
fl O
uoroacetate O
- O
resistant O
mutants O
reveals O
the O
principal O
mechanism O
of O
acetate B-Compound
activation O
for O
entry O
into O
the O
glyoxylate B-Compound
cycle O
. O

d O
- O
f O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
the O
seven O
annexin B-CommonName
family O
members O
expressed O
in O
fibers B-Location
. O

coli O
and O
after O
veri O
fi O
cation O
by O
restric O
- O
tion O
mapping O
and O
sequencing O
it O
was O
introduced O
into O
A O
. O

The O
working O
model O
was O
validated O
by O
the O
fluorescence O
protein O
experiments O
, O
knock O
- O
out O
mutant O
analysis O
, O
and O
/ O
or O
enzyme O
assay O
. O

Treatment O
with O
the O
Kratos B-CommonName
peptide O
decreased O
cell B-Process
death I-Process
following O
mechanical O
stress O
regardless O
of O
the O
genotype O
( O
Fig O
. O

Investigation O
of O
orthologous O
genes O
to O
identify O
common O
regulatory O
elements O
is O
based O
on O
the O
assumption O
that O
important O
transcription O
factor O
binding O
sites O
are O
conserved O
through O
evolution O
. O

However O
, O
oscillations O
of O
HyPer O
activity O
did O
not O
seem O
to O
correlate O
with O
growth B-Process
rates O
( O
Figure O
S8B O
) O
. O

Petal O
, O
stigma O
and O
anther O
were O
separated O
from O
the O
flower O
in O
the O
field O
at O
day O
of O
anthesis O
. O

Centrifuge O
at O
16000 O
g O
for O
10 O
minutes O
at O
4 O
o O
C O
. O

qPCR O
to O
determine O
gene O
expression O
pro O
fi O
les O
To O
assay O
the O
expression O
levels O
of O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
in O
arabidop B-Species
- I-Species
sis I-Species
, O
RNA O
was O
extracted O
from O
three O
independent O
replicates O
of O
isolated O
shoot B-Location
trichomes I-Location
and O
processed O
shoots B-Location
generally O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Marks O
et O
al O
. O

Here O
, O
we O
show O
that O
the O
pattern O
formation B-Process
of O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
pits B-Location
is O
governed O
by O
ROP B-CommonName
activation O
via O
a O
reaction O
- O
diffusion O
mechanism O
. O

HALEY O
( O
1991 O
) O
estimated O
that O
half O
- O
sib O
mapping O
will O
only O
have O
sufficient O
power O
to O
detect O
genes O
of O
relatively O
large O
effects O
. O

Insertions O
visualized O
by O
PCR O
amplification O
using O
standard O
primers O
specific O
to O
FOX O
promoter O
/ O
terminator O
. O

Ranking O
of O
candidate O
reference O
genes O
according O
to O
NormFinder O
. O

Solving O
the O
actual O
roles O
of O
these O
oxidative O
enzymes O
requires O
genetic O
evidence O
, O
namely O
, O
silencing O
of O
the O
genes O
of O
interest O
and O
evaluation O
of O
the O
effects O
. O

This O
result O
strongly O
suggests O
that O
PAD4 B-CommonName
is O
also O
involved O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
ROS B-Compound
metabolism B-Process
in O
woody O
perennial O
plant O
species O
similarly O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
( O
Mateo O
et O
al O
. O

Simultaneously O
, O
longitudi O
- O
nal O
splits O
were O
made O
in O
stock O
stems B-Location
, O
and O
trimmed O
scions O
were O
inserted O
. O

We O
speculate O
that O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
these O
proteins O
may O
contribute O
to O
delay O
PCD B-Process
, O
therefore O
prolonging O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposition B-Process
in O
MW O
which O
is O
indeed O
characterized O
by O
a O
thicker O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
compared O
with O
JW O
. O

Statistical O
analysis O
was O
per O
- O
formed O
using O
Student O
' O
s O
T O
- O
test O
and O
one O
- O
way O
analysis O
of O
variance O
( O
ANOVA O
) O
followed O
by O
Tukey O
' O
s O
post O
hoc O
test O
. O

Furthermore O
, O
indirect O
selection O
for O
traits O
diffi O
- O
cult O
to O
score O
could O
also O
benefit O
from O
marker O
assisted O
breeding O
. O

( O
c O
) O
Phenotypes O
of O
8 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
plants O
. O

Although O
their O
PDIs O
identi O
fi O
ed O
here O
are O
new O
, O
poplar B-Species
MYB092 B-CommonName
, O
MYB161 B-CommonName
and O
MYB199 B-CommonName
have O
previously O
been O
implicated O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Zhong O
et O
al O
. O

These O
variations O
in O
the O
substance O
contents O
may O
cause O
positive O
and O
negative O
feedback O
regulation O
of O
dif O
- O
ferent O
enzymes O
, O
ultimately O
a O
ff O
ecting O
the O
accumulation B-Process
of O
phenolic B-Compound
acids I-Compound
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

When O
mixtures O
of O
proteins O
were O
found O
, O
their O
relative O
quantities O
were O
estimated O
using O
the O
func O
- O
tion O
Pepquant O
of O
SEQUEST O
software O
. O

Meta O
- O
analysis O
identified O
candidate O
transcription O
factors O
( O
TFs O
) O
on O
cambium B-Location
regulation O
The O
expression O
pattern O
of O
ARR15 B-CommonName
was O
revealed O
in O
multiple O
ways O
: O
its O
expression O
in O
procambium B-Location
( O
ARRIII O
domain O
) O
was O
shown O
previously O
by O
in O
situ O
42 O
and O
in O
pARR15 O
: O
: O
GFP O
line O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

Interestingly O
, O
the O
overexpression O
of O
SND2 B-CommonName
is O
associated O
to O
particular O
phenotypes O
in O
woody O
and O
herbaceous O
stems B-Location
24 O
. O

LCMS O
profiles O
of O
the O
in O
vitro O
oxidative B-Process
polymerization I-Process
reactions O
113 O
of O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
mixed O
with O
4 B-Compound
- I-Compound
O I-Compound
- I-Compound
methyalted I-Compound
monolignols I-Compound
. O

The O
thick O
walls B-Compound
are O
visible O
in O
bright O
fi O
eld O
microscopy O
as O
the O
colorless O
bands O
outlining O
the O
optically O
- O
sectioned O
trichomes B-Location
. O

The O
mechanical O
properties O
of O
wood B-Compound
are O
main O
indicators O
to O
measure O
the O
ability O
of O
wood B-Compound
to O
resist O
external O
forces O
. O

23 O
number O
31522008 O
and O
31570296 O
) O
and O
the O
School O
of O
Life O
Sciences O
, O
Tsinghua O
591 O
University O
. O

Flavonoid O
compositional O
analysis O
The O
analysis O
of O
fl B-Compound
avonoids I-Compound
was O
adapted O
from O
the O
method O
given O
by O
Burbulis O
et O
al O
. O

The O
empty O
pGBKT7 O
( O
BD O
) O
and O
fusing O
the O
GAL4 O
vectors O
were O
used O
as O
negative O
and O
positive O
controls O
, O
respectively O
. O

J O
Sci O
Food O
Agr O
84 O
: O
251 O
- O
262 O
Mayer O
AM O
, O
Staples O
RC O
( O
2002 O
) O
Laccase B-CommonName
: O
new O
functions O
for O
an O
old O
enzyme O
. O

This O
study O
used O
confocal O
laser O
scanning O
micros O
- O
copy O
and O
transmission O
electron O
microscopy O
( O
TEM O
) O
to O
deter O
- O
mine O
the O
spatial O
distribution B-Process
of O
a O
number O
of O
non O
- O
cellulosic O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polymers O
during O
TW B-Compound
induction O
in O
willow B-Species
stems B-Location
. O

4b O
) O
, O
showing O
that O
the O
positioning O
of O
DHSs O
near O
the O
TSS O
has O
a O
particularly O
strong O
asso O
- O
ciation O
with O
gene O
expression O
levels O
. O

We O
also O
examined O
the O
expres O
- O
sion O
in O
fl B-Location
owers I-Location
and O
mature O
seeds O
. O

Ethylene B-Compound
Networks O
in O
Wood B-Compound
Formation B-Process
In O
order O
to O
asses O
Populus B-Species
EIN3D B-CommonName
functionality O
in O
ethylene B-Compound
signaling O
, O
we O
tested O
its O
capacity O
to O
complement O
the O
A B-Species
. I-Species

For O
each O
construct O
, O
Data O
are O
means O
+ O
- O
SD O
of O
measurements O
of O
at O
least O
five O
lines O
. O

The O
role O
of O
potassium O
in O
alleviating O
detrimental O
effects O
of O
abiotic O
stresses O
in O
plants O
. O

glandulosa O
, O
clone O
BH O
) O
were O
used O
as O
both O
wild O
- O
type O
controls O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
in O
this O
study O
. O

AtPP2CG1 B-CommonName
, O
a O
protein O
phosphatase B-CommonName
2C I-CommonName
, O
positively O
regulates O
salt O
tolerance O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
in O
abscisic B-Compound
acid I-Compound
- O
dependent O
manner O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Transcriptomic O
Analysis O
of O
Fiber B-Location
Strength O
in O
Upland O
Cotton B-Species
Chromosome O
Introgression O
Lines O
Carrying O
Different O
Gossypium B-Species
barbadense I-Species
Chromosomal O
Segments O
. O

529 O
530 O
Quantification O
of O
Flavonoids B-Compound
531 O
Samples O
of O
three O
replicates O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
stems B-Location
were O
collected O
and O
ground O
into O
532 O
a O
fine O
powder O
with O
a O
mortar O
and O
pestle O
under O
liquid O
nitrogen O
. O

( O
2013 O
) O
Navigating O
the O
transcriptional O
roadmap O
regulating O
plant O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
deposi B-Process
- I-Process
tion I-Process
. O

Based O
on O
its O
recently O
sequenced O
genome O
[ O
59 O
] O
, O
Du O
et O
al O
. O

The O
attributes O
defining O
metabolic O
activity O
of O
the O
genes O
are O
based O
on O
Table O
S12 O
. O

Expression O
of O
MOMT4 B-CommonName
in O
the O
herbaceous O
dicot O
Arabidopsis B-Species
, O
and O
the O
woody O
species O
, O
aspen B-Species
, O
yields O
quite O
different O
metabolic O
and O
biological O
consequences O
. O

After O
6 O
weeks O
growth O
, O
explants O
were O
transferred O
to O
fresh O
medium O
with O
the O
same O
composition O
, O
and O
permitted O
to O
develop O
. O

Secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
( O
SCW B-Compound
) O
production O
during O
xylem B-Location
development B-Process
requires O
massive O
up O
- O
regulation O
of O
hemicellulose B-Compound
( O
e O
. O
g O
. O

Pereira O
CS O
, O
Silveira O
RL O
, O
Dupree O
P O
, O
Skaf O
MS O
. O

DISCUSSION O
LTF1 B-CommonName
Modulates O
Lignin B-Compound
Biosynthesis B-Process
in O
Populus B-Species
by O
Binding O
the O
Promoters O
of O
Key O
Lignin B-Compound
Biosynthetic O
Genes O
In O
trees O
, O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
is O
regulated O
by O
a O
multilayered O
transcriptional O
regulatory O
network O
( O
Ye O
and O
Zhong O
, O
2015 O
) O
. O

Thioacidolysis O
was O
carried O
out O
via O
the O
method O
described O
by O
Robinson O
and O
Mansfield O
( O
2009 O
) O
, O
while O
gas O
chromatography O
was O
performed O
on O
a O
ThermoFisher O
TRACE O
1300 O
/ O
SSL O
/ O
FID O
/ O
AS1310 O
GC O
fitted O
with O
a O
RTX5ms O
( O
30 O
m O
, O
0 O
. O
25 O
mm O
ID O
) O
capillary O
column O
[ O
15 O
] O
. O

We O
have O
inves O
- O
tigated O
the O
expression O
of O
callose B-CommonName
and I-CommonName
cellulose I-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
genes O
during O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
from O
tight O
cluster O
to O
anthesis B-Location
and O
during O
early O
fruit B-Location
development B-Process
in O
domesticated O
apple B-Species
. O

Complementary O
oligonucleotides O
was O
an O
- O
nealed O
to O
form O
ds O
- O
DNA O
by O
heating O
at O
90 O
deg O
C O
and O
then O
cooling O
to O
37 O
deg O
C O
in O
a O
thermal O
cycler O
. O

S5F O
) O
sequences O
were O
less O
conserved O
compared O
to O
the O
other O
four O
protein O
sequences O
, O
and O
the O
C O
- O
terminal O
regions O
of O
the O
six O
protein O
sequences O
were O
more O
conserved O
than O
the O
N O
- O
terminal O
ends O
. O

These O
results O
suggest O
that O
Type O
I O
CSC O
is O
mainly O
involved O
in O
cells O
undergoing O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
, O
whereas O
Type O
II O
CSC O
appears O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
synthesis B-Process
of O
the O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
, O
in O
addition O
to O
early O
- O
stage O
synthesis B-Process
of O
the O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Nagaya O
S O
, O
Kawamura O
K O
, O
Shinmyo O
A O
, O
Kato O
K O
( O
2010 O
) O
The O
HSP O
terminator O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
increases O
gene O
expression O
in O
plant O
cells O
. O

Planta O
204 O
: O
450 O
- O
458 O
Sano O
Y O
, O
Nakada O
R O
( O
1998 O
) O
Time O
course O
of O
the O
secondary B-Process
deposition I-Process
of O
incrusting O
materials O
on O
bordered O
pit O
membranes O
in O
Cryptomeria B-Species
japonica I-Species
. O

The O
oligosaccharide O
motif O
of O
AtLac4 B-CommonName
or O
unknown O
components O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
are O
postulated O
to O
be O
involved O
in O
the O
immobilization O
of O
AtLac4 B-CommonName
16 O
. O

In O
angiosperms O
, O
similar O
spatial O
and O
temporal O
patterns O
of O
expression O
were O
previously O
shown O
for O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
genes O
including O
CAD B-CommonName
and O
CCR B-CommonName
from O
Eucalyptus B-Species
( O
Feuillet O
et O
al O
. O

( O
b O
) O
M O
EUR O
aule O
stain O
produces O
red O
colour O
in O
syringyl B-Compound
lignin I-Compound
- O
rich O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
. O

The O
recombinant O
expression O
vectors O
were O
introduced O
into O
Nicotiana B-Species
tabacum I-Species
leaf O
by O
transient O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
method O
( O
Buschmann O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2011 O
) O
. O

Similar O
results O
have O
been O
obtained O
in O
other O
gene O
families O
( O
Song O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2017 O
) O
. O

OW O
, O
opposite B-Compound
wood I-Compound
; O
TW O
, O
tension B-Compound
wood I-Compound
. O

( O
D O
) O
Proposed O
model O
for O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
in O
promoting O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
in O
transgenic O
Arabidopsis B-Species
. O

( O
1997 O
) O
Disruption O
of O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
ber I-Location
differentiation B-Process
in O
an O
Ara B-Species
- I-Species
bidopsis I-Species
mutant O
. O

These O
included O
the O
identi O
fi O
cation O
and O
dating O
of O
all O
annual O
rings O
and O
their O
compart O
- O
ments O
of O
early B-Compound
wood I-Compound
( O
EW O
) O
, O
transition B-Compound
wood I-Compound
( O
TW O
) O
and O
late B-Compound
wood I-Compound
( O
LW O
) O
. O

Phylogenetic O
analyses O
have O
revealed O
that O
the O
last O
common O
ancestor O
of O
land O
plants O
already O
possessed O
ancestral O
GDSL B-CommonName
lipases B-CommonName
16 O
, O
indicating O
that O
the O
evolution O
of O
plant O
GDSL B-CommonName
lipases B-CommonName
/ O
esterases B-CommonName
may O
be O
correlated O
to O
the O
emergence O
of O
secondary B-Compound
walls I-Compound
and O
vessels B-Location
. O

Unlocking O
Triticeae O
genomics O
to O
sustainably O
feed O
the O
future O
. O

Each O
histogram O
represents O
the O
mean O
value O
and O
the O
bar O
+ O
- O
standard O
error O
of O
three O
biologi O
- O
cal O
replicates O
. O

As O
was O
the O
case O
in O
the O
crosses O
with O
the O
HCT B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
line O
, O
plants O
that O
were O
heterozygous O
for O
the O
disrupted O
ADPG1 B-CommonName
allele O
showed O
a O
phenotype O
similar O
to O
those O
that O
were O
homozygous O
. O

papaya I-Species
, O
Cpapaya1101 O
, O
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
the O
syn O
- O
tenic O
region O
in O
P B-Species
. I-Species

Each O
of O
the O
grey O
arrows O
emerging O
from O
NST3 B-CommonName
/ O
ANAC012 B-CommonName
points O
towards O
a O
gene O
possessing O
, O
at O
least O
, O
one O
NST3 B-CommonName
/ O
ANAC012 B-CommonName
canonical O
binding O
- O
site O
in O
their O
promoter O
. O

* O
indicates O
significant O
dif O
- O
ference O
at O
p O
< O
0 O
. O
05 O
under O
t O
- O
test O
. O

( O
C O
) O
ROPGAP4 B-CommonName
mRNA O
levels O
in O
WT O
and O
ropgap4 B-CommonName
- O
2 O
plants O
. O

The O
lm O
fi O
t O
function O
in O
the O
limma O
package O
was O
used O
to O
fi O
t O
a O
mixed O
linear O
e O
ff O
ect O
model O
( O
with O
genotype O
: O
treatment O
as O
fi O
xed O
e O
ff O
ects O
and O
biological O
replicate O
as O
random O
e O
ff O
ect O
) O
to O
the O
log2 O
gene O
expression O
values O
and O
variance O
shrinkage O
was O
applied O
using O
the O
eBayes O
function O
in O
limma O
before O
calculating O
p O
- O
values O
. O

This O
novel O
finding O
is O
accompanied O
by O
evidence O
showing O
that O
although O
flowering B-Process
and O
SCWB B-Process
are O
coordinately O
accelerated O
by O
florigen B-Compound
, O
they O
are O
not O
a O
consequence O
of O
each O
another O
. O

Among O
them O
, O
residue O
K O
or O
E O
at O
position O
274 O
was O
in O
the O
predicted O
functional O
domain O
of O
the O
C O
- O
terminus O
. O

Visualization O
of O
vascular B-Location
morphodynamics O
through O
combined O
plots O
of O
cell O
size O
and O
incline O
angle O
Of O
the O
descriptors O
extracted O
by O
our O
computational O
approach O
, O
the O
incline O
angle O
proved O
to O
be O
most O
useful O
in O
detecting O
and O
illustrating O
the O
substantial O
features O
of O
vascular B-Location
organization B-Process
during O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
progression O
. O

This O
is O
similar O
to O
the O
results O
of O
DR5 O
: O
GUS O
reporter O
in O
WRKY15 B-CommonName
- O
EAR O
plants O
( O
Figure O
7 O
) O
. O

Although O
sclerenchyma B-Location
tissues I-Location
developed O
not O
only O
in O
nodes B-Location
but O
also O
in O
culms B-Location
, O
the O
brittle O
phenotype O
was O
not O
observed O
in O
the O
culms B-Location
of O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
mutant O
. O

The O
resulting O
cultures O
were O
in O
fi O
ltrated O
into O
leaves B-Location
of O
3 O
- O
to O
4 O
- O
week O
- O
old O
N B-Species
. I-Species

Friml O
, O
Termination O
of O
shoot B-Location
gravitropic O
responses O
by O
auxin B-Compound
feedback O
on O
PIN3 O
polarity O
, O
Curr O
. O

S7 O
) O
were O
compared O
between O
the O
CSE B-CommonName
- O
treated O
plate O
and O
the O
control O
plate O
( O
with O
boiled O
CSE B-CommonName
) O
. O

The O
washed O
nuclei O
were O
resuspended O
in O
100 O
mu O
L O
of O
working O
extraction O
buffer O
containing O
5 O
mM O
DTT O
and O
then O
vortexed O
for O
30 O
min O
at O
4 O
deg O
C O
. O

The O
transactivation O
assay O
using O
PtrWND6B B-CommonName
as O
the O
effector O
construct O
identified O
laccase B-CommonName
, O
CCoAMT1 B-CommonName
and O
COMT1 B-CommonName
as O
dir O
- O
ect O
target O
genes O
of O
PtrWND6B B-CommonName
[ O
24 O
, O
48 O
] O
. O

Three O
compounds O
decreased O
in O
abundance O
upon O
treat O
- O
ment O
with O
CSE B-CommonName
, O
and O
new O
compounds O
appeared O
in O
the O
same O
fractions O
( O
fig O
. O

The O
observation O
that O
the O
genes O
en O
- O
coding O
putative O
central O
regulators O
of O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
also O
have O
high O
expression O
in O
ray B-Location
cells I-Location
is O
interesting O
, O
as O
many O
of O
these O
transcription O
factors O
not O
only O
regulate O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
but O
also O
that O
of O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
polysaccharides O
. O

To O
determine O
the O
precise O
position O
of O
WI5 B-CommonName
, O
we O
used O
a O
larger O
BC1 O
mapping O
population O
consisting O
of O
3 O
, O
800 O
plants O
for O
fine O
mapping O
. O

Turnover O
of O
OsCCR14 B-CommonName
then O
takes O
place O
via O
the O
26S O
proteasome O
. O

Nguyen O
LT O
, O
Schmidt O
HA O
, O
Von O
Haeseler O
A O
, O
Minh O
BQ O
. O

Intensity O
pro O
fi O
les O
along O
the O
yellow O
lines O
are O
shown O
( O
right O
) O
. O

YX O
: O
young O
xylem B-Location
cells I-Location
; O
PP O
: O
paratracheal B-Location
parenchyma I-Location
cell I-Location
; O
Ph O
: O
phloem B-Location
; O
Cz O
: O
cambial B-Location
zone I-Location
; O
v O
: O
vessel B-Location
. O

Increased O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
anisotropy O
can O
counteract O
edge O
- O
mediated O
cell O
swelling B-Process
in O
silico O
We O
previously O
proposed O
that O
RAB B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
A5c I-CommonName
may O
act O
through O
locally O
changing O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
mechanical O
proper O
- O
ties O
at O
edges O
. O

On O
the O
basis O
of O
the O
amino O
acid O
sequence O
identity O
with O
the O
orthologs O
from O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Therefore O
, O
the O
application O
of O
MeJA B-Compound
in O
pear B-Species
fruit B-Location
production O
can O
improve O
the O
disease O
resistance O
and O
content O
of O
phenylpropanoid B-Compound
compounds O
. O

7a O
) O
, O
compared O
to O
unwounded O
trees O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2012 O
) O
Inheritance O
of O
long O
staple O
fiber B-Location
quality O
traits O
of O
Gossypium B-Species
barbadense I-Species
in O
G B-Species
. I-Species

The O
resultant O
suspension O
was O
hydrolyzed O
at O
121 O
C O
for O
1 O
h O
and O
then O
cooled O
at O
room O
temperature O
. O

( O
2009 O
) O
have O
distinguished O
TE B-Location
maturation B-Process
associated O
autophagic O
- O
like O
features O
such O
as O
formation B-Process
of O
small O
vesicles O
and O
dilatation O
of O
the O
ER O
after O
tonoplast O
rupture O
. O

Another O
study O
showed O
that O
AtCesA1 B-CommonName
could O
partially O
rescue O
the O
defects O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
cesa8 B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
and O
AtCesA7 B-CommonName
could O
partially O
rescue O
the O
defects O
in O
primary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
cesa3 B-CommonName
mutants O
, O
proposing O
a O
possibility O
that O
CSCs O
with O
mixed O
primary O
and O
secondary O
CesAs B-CommonName
could O
function O
at O
particular O
times O
when O
they O
are O
co O
- O
expressed O
( O
Carroll O
et O
al O
. O

Homologs O
of O
TT2 B-CommonName
have O
been O
identi O
fi O
ed O
from O
Lotus B-Species
japonicus I-Species
( O
LjTT2a B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
b I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
c I-CommonName
; O
Yoshida O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2008 O
) O
, O
Populus B-Species
spp I-Species
. I-Species

Summary O
of O
RNA O
- O
Seq O
sequencing O
reads O
and O
alignments O
. O

A O
scaffolding O
and O
channeling O
of O
ROS B-Compound
by O
CASPs B-CommonName
could O
explain O
how O
different O
activities O
of O
ROS B-Compound
can O
be O
kept O
separate O
, O
a O
major O
current O
problem O
for O
our O
understanding O
of O
ROS B-Compound
action O
( O
M O
o O
ller O
and O
Sweetlove O
, O
2010 O
; O
Sagi O
and O
Fluhr O
, O
2006 O
) O
. O

Tamura O
K O
, O
Dudley O
J O
, O
Nei O
M O
, O
Kumar O
S O
. O

mRNA O
sequencing O
Total O
RNA O
was O
isolated O
using O
RNeasy O
Plant O
Mini O
Kit O
( O
QIAGEN O
) O
from O
stem O
of O
2 O
- O
month O
- O
old O
WT O
and O
PtoIAA9m B-CommonName
- O
OE O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

Yellow O
and O
red O
nodes O
represent O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthetic O
genes O
and O
transcription O
factors O
, O
respectively O
. O

2001 O
, O
Humphreys O
and O
Chapple O
2002 O
, O
and O
references O
therein O
) O
. O

We O
confirmed O
this O
tendency O
in O
dissected O
fibre B-Location
tissue I-Location
from O
cross O
- O
sections O
( O
Supplementary O
Fig O
. O

The O
thermal O
cycling O
used O
the O
LightCycler O
480 O
( O
Roche O
) O
, O
with O
a O
15 O
- O
min O
activation O
period O
at O
95 O
C O
followed O
by O
40 O
cycles O
( O
95 O
C O
for O
10 O
s O
; O
55 O
C O
for O
60 O
s O
; O
72 O
C O
for O
30 O
s O
) O
with O
a O
fl O
uorescence O
reading O
taken O
at O
the O
end O
of O
each O
cycle O
. O

ROPGEFs B-CommonName
form O
homo O
- O
dimer O
in O
vitro O
, O
in O
which O
each O
subunits O
interact O
and O
catalyse O
ROP B-CommonName
molecules O
24 O
. O

A O
total O
of O
743 O
protein O
spots O
were O
analysed O
by O
ANOVA O
, O
and O
267 O
spots O
( O
36 O
% O
) O
presented O
sig O
- O
nificant O
alteration O
( O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
001 O
) O
between O
at O
least O
one O
of O
the O
four O
CA O
samples O
. O

Therefore O
, O
PbPAL1 B-CommonName
and I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
are O
highly O
expressed O
in O
stems B-Location
and O
roots B-Location
, O
and O
we O
conjectured O
that O
they O
may O
be O
involved O
in O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
in O
pear B-Species
. O

Different O
monolignol B-Compound
genes O
showed O
drama O
- O
tically O
different O
ef O
fi O
ciencies O
( O
beta O
i O
values O
, O
Supplementary O
Table O
2 O
, O
Supplementary O
Note O
) O
. O

The O
CesA B-CommonName
genes O
that O
encode O
proteins O
implicated O
as O
direct O
participants O
in O
primary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
are O
the O
most O
notable O
among O
these O
( O
Arioli O
et O
al O
. O

Similar O
to O
Arabidopsis B-Species
VND B-CommonName
pro O
- O
teins O
, O
NAC B-CommonName
domain O
at O
the O
N O
- O
terminus O
of O
PtrWND3A B-CommonName
is O
the O
only O
predictable O
domain O
( O
Additional O
file O
3 O
) O
. O

In O
this O
case O
, O
application O
of O
PISA O
together O
with O
IAA B-Compound
shows O
no O
PIN1 B-CommonName
- O
positive O
channel O
formation B-Process
from O
the O
sources O
of O
local O
applications O
( O
Fig O
. O

( O
2017 O
) O
A O
receptor B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
like I-CommonName
protein I-CommonName
acts O
as O
a O
specificity O
switch O
for O
the O
regulation O
of O
stomatal O
development B-Process
. O

( O
G O
) O
Quantitative O
RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
relative O
D O
mRNA O
levels O
( O
normalized O
with O
respect O
to O
actin O
mRNA O
levels O
) O
in O
the O
second O
stem B-Location
internodes I-Location
of O
74LH3213 O
at O
7 O
- O
11 O
WAP O
. O

The O
sec O
- O
ond O
set O
includes O
representative O
genes O
encoding O
enzymes O
involved O
in O
monolignol B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
PAL1 B-CommonName
, O
4CL1 B-CommonName
and O
CCoAOMT1 B-CommonName
) O
( O
Li O
et O
al O
. O

A O
detail O
comparison O
between O
bsh1 B-CommonName
and O
WT O
in O
leaf B-Location
sheath I-Location
epidermal I-Location
cell I-Location
length O
revealed O
that O
the O
cells O
in O
bsh1 B-CommonName
were O
about O
20 O
% O
shorter O
than O
that O
of O
the O
WT O
, O
sug O
- O
gesting O
that O
the O
dwar O
fi O
sm O
in O
bsh1 B-CommonName
is O
caused O
by O
reduction O
in O
cell O
length O
( O
Fig O
. O

Bouchez O
, O
In O
planta O
Agrobacterium O
- O
mediated O
transformation O
of O
adult O
Arabidopsis B-Species
thaliana I-Species
plants O
by O
vacuum O
fi O
ltration O
, O
in O
: O
I O
. O

Figure O
1 O
diagrams O
current O
understanding O
of O
the O
relationships O
among O
the O
17 O
Arabidopsis B-Species
R2R3 B-CommonName
MYBs I-CommonName
that O
have O
been O
identified O
so O
far O
to O
possibly O
function O
in O
SCW B-Compound
regulation O
. O

967 O
deisotoped O
peaks O
detected O
in O
wild O
type O
( O
WT O
) O
, O
cse B-CommonName
- O
1 O
and O
cse B-CommonName
- O
2 O
mutants O
. O

Not O
significant O
( O
NS O
) O
; O
Not O
applied O
( O
/ O
) O
; O
the O
chi O
2 O
significance O
level O
of O
was O
P O
< O
0 O
. O
01 O
. O

Data O
shown O
are O
mean O
6 O
SD O
with O
three O
biological O
replicates O
, O
each O
consisting O
of O
stem O
internodes O
from O
four O
plants O
. O

By O
plotting O
the O
release O
of O
the O
DFRC O
conjugate O
in O
the O
model O
system O
and O
those O
released O
from O
the O
current O
transgenic O
lines O
, O
we O
estimate O
that O
the O
CesA8 B-CommonName
: O
: O
FMT B-CommonName
poplar B-Species
trees O
are O
incorporating O
~ O
7 O
to O
23 O
% O
of O
the O
ferulate B-Compound
conjugates I-Compound
2 O
into O
their O
lignins B-Compound
. O

( O
2015 O
) O
Antago O
- O
nistic O
roles O
for O
KNOX1 B-CommonName
and O
KNOX2 B-CommonName
genes O
in O
patterning B-Process
the O
land O
plant O
body O
plan O
following O
an O
ancient O
gene O
duplication O
. O

Because O
GhFSN5 B-CommonName
and O
AtNST1 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
2 I-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
3 I-CommonName
are O
quite O
closely O
related O
to O
each O
other O
, O
we O
hypothesized O
that O
they O
perform O
similar O
functions O
. O

Phosphorylation B-Process
at O
Thr146 O
and O
Thr178 O
was O
detected O
in O
LTF1 B-CommonName
that O
was O
incubated O
with O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
/ O
PdMKK4 B-CommonName
DD O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
11A O
and O
11B O
) O
, O
but O
not O
detected O
in O
the O
absence O
of O
PdMPK6 B-CommonName
/ O
PdMKK4 B-CommonName
DD O
( O
Supplemental O
Figure O
11C O
and O
11D O
) O
. O

Root B-Location
- O
length O
readings O
were O
taken O
on O
day O
3 O
and O
root B-Location
growth B-Process
inhibition O
calculated O
. O

( O
2005 O
) O
isolated O
the O
gene O
ZeRH2 B-CommonName
. O
1 O
containing O
ring O
finger O
domain O
( O
really O
interesting O
new O
gene O
, O
RING O
) O
and O
encoding O
for O
RING O
- O
H2 O
protein O
. O

Morphological O
and O
histological O
e O
ff O
ects O
on O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
vns09 B-CommonName
vns10 B-CommonName
vns11 B-CommonName
vns12 B-CommonName
quadruple O
mutants O
. O

PGSIP1 B-CommonName
is O
a O
good O
example O
how O
the O
comparison O
of O
wall O
structure O
and O
co O
- O
expression O
patterns O
between O
rice B-Species
and O
Arabidopsis B-Species
enabled O
us O
to O
predict O
a O
function O
for O
PGSIP1 B-CommonName
, O
which O
was O
in O
turn O
experimentally O
confirmed O
. O

Asterisk O
represented O
t O
test O
at O
P O
0 O
. O
05 O
. O

In O
late O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
response O
patterns O
of O
PbPALs B-CommonName
to O
SA B-Compound
can O
be O
divided O
into O
two O
categories O
, O
including O
inhibiting O
gene O
expression O
and O
inducing O
gene O
expression O
. O

Measurements O
are O
based O
on O
scanning O
electron O
micrographs O
. O

( O
2014 O
) O
Bioinformatic O
and O
phylogenetic O
analysis O
of O
the O
CLAVATA3 B-CommonName
/ O
EMBRYO B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
SURROUNDING I-CommonName
REGION I-CommonName
( O
CLE B-CommonName
) O
and O
the O
CLE B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
LIKE I-CommonName
signal O
peptide O
genes O
in O
the O
Pinophyta B-Species
. O

The O
Class B-CommonName
II I-CommonName
KNOX I-CommonName
gene O
KNAT7 B-CommonName
negatively O
regulates O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
and O
is O
functionally O
conserved O
in O
Populus B-Species
. O

( O
c O
) O
GO O
biological O
processes O
enriched O
by O
the O
genes O
that O
are O
specifically O
upregulated O
and O
downregulated O
by O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
. O

These O
differences O
might O
be O
due O
mainly O
to O
different O
levels O
of O
mutation O
in O
the O
nucleotide O
sequences O
of O
promoters O
that O
accumulated O
in O
the O
duplicate O
genes O
during O
evolution O
and O
different O
levels O
of O
functional O
differ B-Process
- I-Process
entiation I-Process
between O
the O
duplicate O
pairs O
. O

For O
this O
reason O
, O
it O
can O
be O
speculated O
that O
although O
the O
total O
content O
of O
lignin B-Compound
in O
B B-Species
. I-Species

FIGURE O
3 O
Overexpression O
of O
VuNAR1 B-CommonName
enhances O
Al O
resistance O
in O
Arabidopsis B-Species
via O
Al O
exclusion O
. O

Generation O
of O
transgenic O
poplar B-Species
lines O
and O
validation O
of O
the O
genes O
' O
silencing O
level O
Poplar B-Species
( O
Populus B-Species
tremula I-Species
9 I-Species
tremuloides I-Species
, O
background O
t89 O
) O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
generated O
at O
the O
Umea O
@ O
Plant O
Science O
Center O
based O
on O
plant O
transformation O
with O
Agrobacterium O
tumefaciens O
strains O
( O
Nilsson O
et O
al O
. O

Arrows O
, O
non O
- O
stele O
cells O
( O
f O
) O
and O
extra O
metaxylem O
strand O
( O
g O
) O
. O

( O
C O
) O
Mutation O
of O
endogenous O
RLP44 B-CommonName
in O
pRLP44 O
: O
RLP44 B-CommonName
- O
GFP O
( O
rlp44 B-CommonName
cnu2 B-CommonName
) O
reconstitutes O
wild O
- O
type O
- O
like O
phenotype O
. O

PtrActin B-CommonName
and O
NtActin B-CommonName
were O
the O
internal O
controls O
of O
poplar B-Species
and O
tobacco B-Species
, O
respectively O
. O

I O
: O
Patterns O
of O
microtubule O
( O
green O
) O
and O
actin O
fi O
lament O
( O
red O
) O
networks O
without O
DCB O
treatment O
. O

In O
Populus B-Species
, O
silencing O
of O
CesA8 B-CommonName
gene O
dramatically O
reduced O
cel B-Compound
- I-Compound
lulose I-Compound
content O
and O
crystallinity O
in O
wood B-Compound
( O
Joshi O
et O
al O
. O

Michaelis O
constant O
( O
K O
m O
) O
and O
specific O
activity O
( O
V O
max O
) O
data O
are O
calculated O
from O
the O
mean O
of O
at O
least O
three O
replicates O
T O
SE O
. O

A O
confidence O
interval O
for O
a O
trait O
that O
does O
not O
cross O
the O
0 O
% O
line O
is O
statistically O
distinct O
from O
the O
wt O
717 O
and O
is O
a O
phenotypic O
attribute O
of O
the O
FOX O
line O
( O
see O
table O
1 O
) O
. O

In O
addition O
, O
several O
Populus B-Species
NAC B-CommonName
and O
MYB B-CommonName
transcription O
factors O
have O
been O
shown O
to O
contribute O
to O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
formation B-Process
during O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
of O
woody O
stems B-Location
. O

Singh O
B O
, O
Cheek O
HD O
, O
Haigler O
CH O
( O
2009b O
) O
A O
synthetic O
auxin B-Compound
( O
NAA B-Compound
) O
suppresses O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
cellulose B-Compound
synthesis B-Process
and O
enhances O
elongation B-Process
in O
cultured O
cotton B-Species
fi B-Location
ber I-Location
. O

hirsutum I-Species
was O
0 O
. O
3 O
, O
much O
small O
than O
1 O
, O
suggesting O
that O
these O
genes O
were O
majorly O
under O
the O
purifying O
selection O
during O
evolution O
. O

This O
phylogenetic O
tree O
clearly O
shows O
that O
OsIDD9 B-CommonName
( O
orange O
) O
is O
outside O
of O
the O
OsIDD2 B-CommonName
/ I-CommonName
11 I-CommonName
groups O
. O

However O
, O
the O
uniform O
localization O
of O
several O
different O
ABC B-CommonName
transporters I-CommonName
during O
protoxylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
was O
not O
consistent O
with O
the O
hypothesis O
that O
localized O
monolignol B-Compound
export O
facilitates O
speci O
fi O
c O
ligni B-Process
fi I-Process
cation I-Process
patterns O
. O

These O
results O
indicated O
that O
functional O
and O
nonfunctional O
D O
alleles O
were O
widely O
distributed O
in O
Asian O
and O
African O
germplasms O
( O
SI O
Appendix O
, O
Fig O
. O

cis O
- O
element O
distribution B-Process
in O
1 O
. O
5 O
kb O
promoters O
Fig O
. O

S2A O
) O
, O
a O
phenotype O
we O
never O
observed O
in O
wild O
- O
type O
roots B-Location
. O

Therefore O
it O
is O
expected O
that O
in O
trees O
, O
QTL O
should O
be O
segregating O
and O
could O
in O
principle O
be O
detected O
in O
almost O
any O
cross O
. O

The O
tissue O
/ O
sample O
specificity O
score O
tau O
ranges O
from O
0 O
to O
1 O
; O
from O
a O
ubiquitous O
to O
a O
specific O
expression O
, O
respectively O
. O

This O
theory O
is O
in O
line O
with O
the O
observation O
that O
exactly O
one O
par O
- O
alogue O
is O
found O
in O
each O
structural O
clade O
of O
clade O
I O
for O
all O
studied O
genomes O
. O

Quanti O
fi O
cation O
of O
transcriptional O
changes O
in O
response O
to O
GA B-Compound
or O
auxin B-Compound
treatment O
. O

Heterologous O
expression O
of O
PtrMYB152 B-CommonName
affects O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
development B-Process
. O

Weigel O
, O
Move O
on O
up O
, O
it O
' O
s O
time O
for O
change O
: O
Mobile O
signals O
controlling O
photoperiod O
- O
dependent O
flowering B-Process
. O

A O
time O
- O
course O
experiment O
showed O
that O
the O
expression O
was O
induced O
by O
Al O
as O
early O
as O
a O
half O
hour O
and O
reached O
the O
plateau O
at O
2 O
hr O
of O
exposure O
. O

On O
the O
basis O
of O
microarray O
analyses O
, O
we O
identi O
fi O
ed O
35 O
genes O
in O
Fig O
. O

Relative O
transcript O
abundance O
of O
PttCLE47 B-CommonName
was O
quantified O
via O
qPCR O
and O
normalized O
against O
UBQ O
reference O
gene O
expression O
. O

Plant O
Physiol O
139 O
: O
1138 O
- O
1154 O
Gahan O
PB O
( O
1984 O
) O
Plant O
Histochemistry O
and O
Cytochemistry O
. O

Performed O
the O
experiments O
: O
AO O
HJJ O
EAR O
BE O
CM O
. O

Taken O
together O
, O
these O
data O
indicate O
a O
role O
for O
DIM1 B-CommonName
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
. O

In O
addition O
to O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
, O
plant O
laccases B-CommonName
are O
involved O
in O
iron O
metabolism B-Process
, O
the O
polymerization B-Process
of O
flavonoid B-Compound
compounds O
and O
responses O
to O
environmental O
stresses O
27 O
- O
29 O
. O

The O
gene O
IDs O
and O
expres O
- O
sion O
in O
reads O
per O
20 O
M O
for O
all O
genes O
of O
B73 O
and O
Mo17 O
expressed O
in O
the O
stem B-Location
internodes I-Location
are O
also O
provided O
( O
Additional O
file O
14 O
: O
Dataset5 O
) O
. O

452 O
a O
direct O
repeat O
of O
two O
T O
- O
DNAs O
with O
a O
vector O
sequence O
insertion O
between O
the O
T O
- O
DNAs O
( O
Figure O
3 O
, O
Lines O
2 O
and O
4 O
) O
. O

Aitken O
, O
Oligosaccharides O
as O
signals O
and O
substrates O
in O
the O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
. O

Vernalized O
seeds O
were O
germinated O
in O
the O
dark O
for O
72 O
h O
in O
the O
presence O
/ O
absence O
of O
10 O
u O
M O
ACC B-Compound
. O

Lignin B-Compound
from O
ferns O
and O
gymnosperms O
contains O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
hydroxyphenyl I-Compound
( O
H O
) O
and O
guaiacyl B-Compound
( O
G O
) O
units O
derived O
from O
p B-Compound
- I-Compound
coumaroyl I-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
and O
coniferyl B-Compound
alcohol I-Compound
, O
respectively O
; O
and O
lignin B-Compound
from O
certain O
lycophytes O
and O
angiosperms O
additionally O
contains O
syringyl B-Compound
( O
S O
) O
units O
( O
Boerjan O
et O
al O
. O

Microtubule O
stabilization O
affects O
the O
shape O
of O
MIDD1 B-CommonName
- O
anchored O
plasma O
membrane O
domains O
. O

8 O
Map O
position O
of O
the O
bc5 B-CommonName
gene O
on O
chromosome O
2 O
. O

We O
thank O
those O
responsible O
for O
access O
to O
them O
and O
especially O
the O
many O
professionals O
and O
amateurs O
who O
collected O
them O
. O

knat7 B-CommonName
had O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
increase O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bre I-Location
wall B-Compound
thickness O
and O
the O
double O
mutants O
knat3 B-CommonName
knat7 B-CommonName
had O
a O
dramatic O
decrease O
in O
interfascicular B-Location
fi I-Location
bre I-Location
wall B-Compound
thickness O
. O

Generation O
of O
the O
Complex O
Carbohydrate O
Research O
Center O
( O
CCRC O
) O
series O
of O
plant O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
glycan B-Compound
- O
directed O
monoclonal O
antibodies O
used O
in O
this O
work O
was O
supported O
by O
the O
National O
Science O
Foundation O
Plant O
Genome O
Program O
( O
Grants O
DBI O
- O
0421683 O
and O
IOS O
- O
0923992 O
) O
. O

Rapid O
prediction O
of O
wood B-Compound
stiffness O
from O
microfibril O
angle O
and O
density O
. O

b O
Compar O
- O
ison O
of O
miRNA O
in O
three O
tissues O
in O
L B-Species
. I-Species

For O
ConA B-Compound
, O
the O
absence O
of O
one O
methoxyl O
group O
weakens O
the O
polar O
interaction O
between O
ConA B-Compound
and O
ZmLac3 B-CommonName
, O
and O
the O
hydrophobic O
interactions O
contribute O
primarily O
to O
the O
bind O
- O
ing O
of O
ConA B-Compound
. O

Additionally O
, O
increased O
variance O
in O
predictions O
of O
total O
lignin B-Compound
content O
might O
be O
expected O
, O
given O
that O
in O
this O
case O
the O
trait O
data O
employed O
to O
build O
the O
linear O
model O
was O
itself O
a O
predicted O
estimate O
( O
based O
on O
NIR O
) O
, O
which O
is O
subject O
to O
error O
of O
its O
own O
. O

Proceedings O
of O
the O
National O
Academy O
of O
Sciences O
USA O
98 O
, O
14732 O
- O
14737 O
( O
2001 O
) O
. O

Xoconostle O
- O
Cazares O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2000 O
A O
comparative O
analysis O
of O
the O
plant O
cellulose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
( O
CesA B-CommonName
) O
gene O
family O
. O

However O
, O
as O
expected O
, O
qRT O
- O
PCR O
expression O
results O
showed O
a O
signi O
fi O
cant O
downregulation O
of O
these O
genes O
in O
VIGS O
plants O
as O
compared O
to O
control O
( O
Fig O
. O

Uracil O
( O
40 O
u O
M O
) O
was O
added O
to O
support O
growth B-Process
of O
uracil O
auxotrophic O
strains O
. O

These O
results O
demonstrated O
the O
conserved O
function O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
existing O
in O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
formation B-Process
of O
monocotyledonous O
species O
and O
implied O
a O
possible O
impact O
of O
MlWRKY12 B-CommonName
on O
fl B-Process
owering I-Process
control O
. O

( O
2007 O
) O
Fine O
mapping O
and O
isolation O
of O
Bc7 B-CommonName
( O
t O
) O
, O
allelic O
to O
OsCesA4 B-CommonName
. O

Cotton B-Species
plants O
were O
grown O
in O
a O
greenhouse O
with O
tight O
tem O
- O
perature O
control O
as O
previously O
described O
( O
Singh O
et O
al O
. O

( O
2011 O
) O
Respiratory O
burst O
oxidases B-CommonName
: O
the O
engines O
of O
ROS B-Compound
signaling O
. O

To O
check O
whether O
OsFBK1 B-CommonName
homodimerizes O
, O
bimolecular O
fl O
uorescence O
complementation O
( O
BiFC O
) O
as O
- O
say O
was O
performed O
. O

Several O
studies O
combining O
molecular O
biology O
and O
theoretical O
modelling O
have O
partially O
revealed O
the O
molecular O
background O
of O
reaction O
- O
diffusion O
systems O
in O
tissues O
and O
organ O
patterning B-Process
8 O
. O

( O
2010 O
) O
Evolutionary O
conservation O
of O
the O
tran O
- O
scriptional O
network O
regulating O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

On O
the O
basis O
of O
our O
results O
we O
propose O
a O
third O
alternative O
. O

( O
F O
) O
, O
( O
G O
) O
, O
and O
( O
H O
) O
are O
longitudinal O
section O
images O
through O
the O
vascular B-Location
cylinder I-Location
. O

2002 O
) O
has O
been O
shown O
to O
affect O
lignin B-Compound
content O
( O
Tu O
et O
al O
. O

More O
importantly O
, O
we O
found O
that O
the O
expression O
of O
PbPAL1 B-CommonName
increased O
significantly O
at O
55 O
DAF O
and O
showed O
a O
similar O
expression O
pattern O
to O
that O
of O
key O
genes O
participated O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
lignin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
pathway O
( O
Xie O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2013 O
) O
. O

All O
of O
the O
tissue O
samples O
were O
immediately O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
and O
stored O
at O
- O
80 O
* O
C O
for O
future O
use O
. O

The O
potential O
role O
of O
Bia B-CommonName
in O
promoting O
ectopic O
non B-Location
- I-Location
TE I-Location
death B-Process
dur O
- O
ing O
vascular B-Location
differentiation B-Process
remained O
unclear O
because O
treatment O
with O
the O
corresponding O
purified O
peptides O
produced O
incon O
- O
sistent O
effects O
depending O
on O
the O
treated O
genotype O
( O
Fig O
. O

Effects O
of O
ROPGAP3 B-CommonName
and O
ROPGEF4 B-CommonName
levels O
on O
ROP B-CommonName
domain O
patterning B-Process
. O

The O
total O
polysaccharide O
content O
was O
similar O
between O
wild O
type O
and O
transgenic O
plants O
. O

The O
present O
study O
showed O
that O
suppression O
of O
PtrDUF579 B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
1 I-CommonName
affected O
pectin B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
and O
reduced O
cambium B-Location
cell I-Location
proliferation B-Process
, O
which O
in O
turn O
led O
to O
reduced O
plant O
growth B-Process
. O

Furthermore O
, O
we O
provide O
strong O
genetic O
evidence O
for O
the O
NADPH B-CommonName
oxidases I-CommonName
to O
function O
downstream O
of O
the O
ANX B-CommonName
RLKs B-CommonName
, O
by O
showing O
that O
the O
phenotypes O
observed O
in O
ANX B-CommonName
- O
OX O
lines O
are O
abolished O
in O
the O
rbohH B-CommonName
rbohJ B-CommonName
mutant O
background O
( O
Figure O
5 O
) O
. O

4c O
) O
, O
albeit O
an O
82 O
% O
increase O
was O
observed O
in O
stems B-Location
, O
and O
no O
significant O
difference O
was O
observed O
in O
leaves B-Location
. O

In O
total O
, O
four O
independent O
dual O
transgenic O
lines O
were O
generated O
. O

Curiously O
, O
however O
, O
the O
Klason O
lignin B-Compound
content O
of O
the O
OsCAD2 B-CommonName
null O
mutant O
gh2 B-CommonName
was O
reduced O
by O
only O
5 O
- O
6 O
% O
in O
comparison O
to O
its O
original O
strain O
( O
Zhang O
et O
al O
. O

In O
the O
pathway O
of O
phenylpropa B-Compound
- I-Compound
noid I-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
( O
Fig O
. O

The O
arabidopsis B-Species
ATHB B-CommonName
- O
8 O
HD B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
zip I-CommonName
protein O
acts O
as O
a O
differentiation B-Process
- O
promoting O
transcription O
factor O
of O
the O
vascular B-Location
meristems I-Location
. O

References O
Andrawis O
A O
, O
Solomon O
M O
, O
Delmer O
DP O
( O
1993 O
) O
Cotton B-Species
fiber B-Location
annex B-CommonName
- I-CommonName
ins I-CommonName
: O
a O
potential O
role O
in O
the O
regulation O
of O
callose B-CommonName
synthase I-CommonName
. O

2009 O
) O
and O
PaxgKOR B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
trees O
( O
Maloney O
and O
Mansfield O
2010 O
) O
. O

In O
contrast O
, O
LAC4 B-CommonName
was O
expressed O
in O
all O
lignifying O
cells O
including O
xylem B-Location
vessels I-Location
. O

For O
example O
, O
it O
has O
been O
shown O
that O
PoGT43B B-CommonName
, O
the O
poplar B-Species
homolog O
of O
Arabidopsis B-Species
IRX9 B-CommonName
, O
can O
genetically O
complement O
the O
Arabidopsis B-Species
irx9 B-CommonName
mutant O
( O
Zhou O
et O
al O
. O

The O
modes O
of O
gene O
action O
were O
quanti O
fi O
ed O
using O
the O
ratio O
of O
dominance O
( O
d O
) O
to O
additive O
( O
a O
) O
effects O
estimated O
from O
least O
- O
square O
means O
for O
each O
single O
SNP O
association O
. O

The O
expression O
levels O
are O
indicated O
as O
' O
Normalized O
relative O
expression O
' O
( O
Supplementary O
Table O
S2A O
, O
B O
) O
and O
have O
been O
analyzed O
by O
PCA O
. O

In O
stems B-Location
with O
secondary B-Process
growth I-Process
, O
however O
, O
a O
stronger O
signal O
was O
observed O
in O
cambial B-Location
cells I-Location
and O
phloem B-Location
initials O
; O
as O
well O
as O
in O
primary B-Location
xylem I-Location
and O
a O
little O
in O
secondary B-Location
xylem I-Location
. O

The O
expression O
level O
in O
each O
sample O
was O
nor O
- O
malized O
using O
Arabidopsis B-Species
ACTIN2 B-CommonName
( O
At3g18780 O
) O
as O
an O
internal O
control O
. O

Until O
the O
di O
ff O
erence O
between O
the O
last O
two O
weights O
did O
not O
exceed O
0 O
. O
5 O
% O
, O
the O
sample O
was O
absolute O
dry O
, O
then O
calculated O
the O
absolute O
dry O
density O
of O
the O
sample O
. O

This O
inverted O
repeat O
was O
recombined O
with O
the O
pMDC7 O
vector O
using O
an O
LR O
reaction O
. O

In O
some O
cases O
, O
appropriate O
genetic O
manipulations O
have O
altered O
the O
composition O
of O
lignin B-Compound
or O
reduced O
the O
content O
of O
lignin B-Compound
( O
Weng O
& O
Chapple O
, O
2010 O
) O
. O

The O
mechanism O
through O
which O
Therm O
- O
Spm O
affects O
xylem B-Location
differentiation B-Process
is O
not O
completely O
clear O
. O

These O
data O
were O
repeated O
in O
three O
different O
biological O
experi O
- O
ments O
. O

Means O
SE O
, O
N O
= O
6 O
wild O
- O
type O
and O
15 O
transgenic O
trees O
. O

The O
protoplasts O
were O
collected O
by O
centrifugation O
at O
300 O
x O
g O
for O
3 O
min O
and O
frozen O
in O
liquid O
nitrogen O
. O

Part O
I O
: O
Temporal O
and O
spatial O
distribution O
of O
xylans O
. O

Roots O
, O
cotyledons O
and O
hypocotyls O
were O
cut O
from O
these O
7 O
- O
day O
- O
old O
cotton B-Species
seedlings O
. O

Phylogenetic O
trees O
of O
selected O
CAZyme B-CommonName
families O
in O
poplar B-Species
and O
A B-Species
. I-Species

Biomass O
feedstocks O
with O
less O
lignin B-Compound
or O
with O
more O
- O
degradable O
lignin B-Compound
would O
reduce O
the O
high O
processing O
costs O
and O
carbon O
footprint O
of O
paper O
, O
biofuels O
, O
and O
chemicals O
( O
5 O
) O
. O

We O
propose O
a O
model O
in O
which O
the O
CMU B-CommonName
proteins O
aid O
in O
maintaining O
lateral O
microtubule O
positions O
at O
the O
cortex O
of O
growing O
plant O
cells O
( O
Figure O
5F O
) O
. O

The O
assembled O
tran O
- O
scripts O
were O
searched O
against O
this O
database O
using O
BLASTX O
at O
an O
E O
- O
value O
threshold O
of O
10 O
- O
5 O
( O
Altschul O
et O
al O
. O

Red O
arrows O
indicate O
ectopic O
protoxylem B-Location
- I-Location
like I-Location
vessels I-Location
. O

( O
H O
) O
The O
SCWB B-Process
gene O
network O
is O
down O
- O
regulated O
in O
sft B-CommonName
stems B-Location
. O

Where O
possible O
, O
we O
acquired O
the O
AFM O
image O
of O
the O
middle O
lamella O
and O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
in O
a O
single O
image O
( O
Figure O
5A O
) O
. O

Characterization O
of O
different O
intracellular O
compartments O
containing O
CESA B-CommonName
during O
PCW B-Compound
to O
SCW B-Compound
transition B-Process
. O

All O
rights O
reserved O
( O
c O
) O
2015 O
Extended O
Data O
Figure O
7 O
| O
The O
reconstructed O
gene O
regulatory O
consensus O
network O
based O
on O
analysis O
of O
the O
salt O
- O
stress O
expression O
data O
set O
by O
different O
network O
inference O
methods O
. O

RT O
- O
PCR O
analysis O
of O
AtERF38 B-CommonName
expression O
. O

Barrel B-Species
medic I-Species
( O
Medicago B-Species
truncatula I-Species
) O
is O
diploid O
with O
a O
relatively O
small O
genome O
, O
and O
has O
been O
adopted O
as O
a O
model O
species O
for O
legume B-Species
genomics O
[ O
6 O
- O
8 O
] O
. O

Further O
, O
banana B-Species
VND1 B-CommonName
- O
VND3 B-CommonName
could O
bind O
a O
38 O
bp O
ds O
- O
DNA O
containing O
SNBE O
site O
while O
it O
failed O
to O
bind O
a O
mutated O
version O
prompting O
us O
to O
analyze O
the O
presence O
of O
SNBE O
sites O
in O
the O
regulatory O
regions O
of O
secondary B-Compound
wall I-Compound
associated O
genes O
in O
banana B-Species
. O

dosa O
: O
Os07t0126401 O
- O
02 O
Os07g0126401 O
; O
Allergen O
V5 O
/ O
Tpx O
- O
1 O
related O
family O
protein O
. O

Altered O
glycome B-Compound
pro O
fi O
le O
of O
VIGS O
lines O
as O
compared O
to O
control O
indicate O
differences O
in O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
To O
ascertain O
the O
existence O
of O
variations O
in O
the O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
composition O
, O
glycome B-Compound
pro O
fi O
ling O
was O
performed O
on O
VIGS O
- O
NbDUF579 B-CommonName
and O
- O
NbKNAT7 B-CommonName
lines O
along O
with O
controls O
using O
the O
method O
reported O
earlier O
( O
Zhu O
et O
al O
. O

6F O
) O
, O
whereas O
xylan O
label O
was O
found O
predominantly O
in O
the O
outermost O
mar O
- O
gins O
of O
trans O
- O
1 O
and O
trans O
cisternae O
( O
Fig O
. O

Meanwhile O
, O
the O
miR319 B-CommonName
level O
declines O
and O
levels O
of O
its O
target O
GhTCP4 B-CommonName
and O
probably O
other O
target O
TCPs B-CommonName
progressively O
increase O
; O
the O
TCPs B-CommonName
inhibit O
GhHOX3 B-CommonName
activity O
and O
promote O
SCW B-Compound
biosynthesis B-Process
. O

The O
current O
definition O
of O
a O
' O
typical O
' O
primary O
or O
secondary B-Compound
cell I-Compound
wall I-Compound
might O
not O
be O
applicable O
to O
all O
cell O
types O
in O
all O
plant O
species O
. O

Overall O
, O
glycome O
profiling O
revealed O
major O
changes O
in O
pectin B-Compound
and O
xylan B-Compound
extractability O
from O
cell B-Compound
walls I-Compound
of O
the O
HCT B-CommonName
- O
RNAi O
and O
ccr1 B-CommonName
mutant O
lines O
, O
confirming O
extensive O
cell B-Compound
wall I-Compound
remodeling B-Process
. O

The O
primary O
fixative O
was O
washed O
away O
with O
distilled O
water O
and O
the O
specimens O
were O
treated O
with O
a O
10 O
% O
aqueous O
solution O
of O
glycerol O
to O
prevent O
freezing O
- O
induced O
dam O
- O
age O
( O
ice O
crystal O
formation B-Process
) O
to O
cell O
morphology O
. O

( O
DOC O
) O
Table O
S4 O
Normalized O
Relative O
Expression O
for O
primary O
CesAs B-CommonName
. O

Protonation O
of O
titratable O
residues O
was O
performed O
at O
pH O
7 O
. O
2 O
using O
the O
H11 O
webserver O
( O
Anandakrishnan O
et O
al O
. O
, O
2012 O
) O
. O

www O
. O
nature O
. O
com O
/ O
scientificreports O
/ O
6 O
Scientific O
RepoRts O
| O
5 O
: O
12240 O
| O
DOi O
: O
10 O
. O
1038 O
/ O
srep12240 O
Figure O
4 O
. O

Full O
- O
length O
coding O
region O
of O
SWAM1 B-CommonName
without O
the O
stop O
codon O
( O
SWAM1NS O
) O
was O
cloned O
into O
pDONR O
221 O
P1 O
P5r O
. O

All O
of O
the O
constructs O
used O
in O
this O
study O
were O
veri O
fi O
ed O
by O
DNA O
sequencing O
. O

Plant O
Biotechnol O
Rep O
6 O
: O
327 O
- O
337 O
Berg O
B O
( O
1986 O
) O
Nutrient O
release O
from O
litters O
and O
humus B-Species
in O
coniferous O
forest O
soils O
. O

The O
phylo O
- O
genetic O
tree O
and O
proteins O
sequences O
used O
are O
provided O
in O
Fig O
- O
ure O
S1 O
and O
Table O
S2 O
. O

The O
empty O
pB42AD O
and O
pLacZi O
were O
used O
as O
negative O
control O
. O

